Item 1C.    Cybersecurity

The Company’s management, led by its Head of Corporate Information Security, has overall responsibility for identifying, assessing and managing any material risks from cybersecurity threats. The Company’s Head of Corporate Information Security leads a dedicated Information Security team of highly skilled individuals with experience across industries that, among other things, develops and distributes information security policies, standards and procedures; engages in employee cybersecurity training; implements security controls; assesses security risk and compliance posture; monitors and responds to security events; and executes security testing and assessments. The Company’s Head of Corporate Information Security has extensive knowledge and skills gained from over 25 years of experience in the cybersecurity industry, including serving in leadership positions at other large technology companies and leading the Company’s Information Security team since 2016.

The Company’s Information Security team coordinates with teams across the Company to prevent, respond to and manage security incidents, and engages third parties, as appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of its security processes and incident response. A dedicated Supplier Trust team manages information security risks the Company is exposed to through its supplier relationships. The Company has processes to log, track, address, and escalate for further assessment and report, as appropriate, cybersecurity incidents across the Company and its suppliers to senior management and the Audit and Finance Committee (the “Audit Committee”) of the Board. The Company’s enterprise risk management program is designed to identify, assess, and monitor the Company’s business risks, including financial, operational, compliance and reputational risks, and reflects management’s assessment of cybersecurity risks.

The Audit Committee assists the Board in the oversight and monitoring of cybersecurity matters. The Audit Committee regularly reviews and discusses the Company’s cybersecurity risks with management, including the Company’s Head of Corporate Information Security, its General Counsel and the Heads of Compliance and Business Conduct, Business Assurance, and Internal Audit, and receives updates, as necessary, regarding cybersecurity incidents. The Chair of the Audit Committee regularly reports the substance of such reviews and discussions to the Board, as necessary, and recommends to the Board such actions as the Audit Committee deems appropriate.

For a discussion of the Company’s cybersecurity-related risks, see Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.”

Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 17