
Item 3.   Legal Proceedings
---------------------------
 As of September 25, 2010, the end of the annual period covered by this report, the Company was subject to the various legal proceedings and claims discussed below, as well as certain other legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the Company does not have a potential liability related to any current legal proceeding or claim that would individually or in the aggregate materially adversely affect its financial condition or operating results. However, the results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Should the Company fail to prevail in any of these legal matters or should several of these legal matters be resolved against the Company in the same reporting period, the operating results of a particular reporting period could be materially adversely affected. The Company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2010 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Branning et al. v. Apple Computer, Inc. 
 Plaintiffs originally filed this purported class action against the Company on February 17, 2005 on behalf of putative classes of consumers and resellers and is currently pending in the Santa Clara Superior Court. In general, the consumer plaintiffs allege that the Company “shorted” the coverage provided under its warranties and AppleCare Protection Plan extended service contracts and sold plaintiffs used products that were represented to be new. In general, the reseller plaintiffs allege that the Company damaged their businesses by opening the Apple retail stores and making misrepresentations in connection with doing so. The complaint seeks unspecified damages and other relief. Currently no plaintiff classes are certified, although reseller plaintiffs’ motion to certify a class of Apple specialist resellers, is set for hearing on November 2, 2010. 
 In re Apple & ATTM Antitrust Litigation 
 This is a purported class action filed against the Company and AT&T Mobility in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The Consolidated Complaint alleges that the Company and AT&T Mobility violated the federal antitrust laws by monopolizing and/or attempting to monopolize the “aftermarket for voice and data services” for the iPhone and that the Company monopolized and/or attempted to monopolize the “aftermarket for software applications for iPhones.” The Consolidated Complaint also alleges that Apple violated numerous laws by intentionally “bricking” (rendering inoperable) iPhones through the release of iPhone software update 1.1.1. On July 8, 2010, the Court granted Apple’s motion for summary judgment on all of plaintiffs’ claims related to the alleged bricking of iPhones. In the same July 8, 2010 order the Court granted in part plaintiffs’ motion for class certification, certifying a class related to plaintiffs’ antitrust claims. The case is currently stayed until a status conference with the Judge is held on November 15, 2010. 
Mediostream, Inc. v. Acer America Corp. et al. 
 Plaintiff filed this action against the Company, Acer America Corp., Dell, Inc. and Gateway, Inc. on August 28, 2007, in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 7,009,655. Plaintiff seeks unspecified damages and other relief. This case is currently pending. 
Mirror Worlds, LLC. v. Apple Inc. 
 Plaintiff filed this action against the Company on March 14, 2008, in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, alleging that certain of the Company’s products infringed U.S. Patent Nos. 6,006,227, 6,638,313 and 6,725,427. On October 1, 2010, a jury returned a verdict finding the Company had infringed all 
 
22 
 
 three patents, and awarding damages of $208 million per patent. The jury also found the infringement had been willful. The court has scheduled post verdict motions, and has set a hearing date of December 9, 2010. The Company is challenging the verdict, and will be filing a request for judgment as a matter of law, remittitur, and in the alternative, a request for a new trial. 
 Motorola Mobility, Inc. v. Apple, Inc. 
 Motorola Mobility Inc. (“Motorola”) filed complaints against the Company in the United States District Court for the Districts of Florida, Illinois, Delaware and in the International Trade Commission (“ITC”). These complaints include claims of patent infringement related to certain of the Company’s products. Motorola alleges that certain of its asserted patents are essential to one or more of the GSM, UMTS, 802.16e and 802.11 wireless communications standards, and acknowledges its commitment to license these patents on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (“FRAND”) terms and conditions. Motorola seeks unspecified FRAND compensation, damages and other declaratory and injunctive relief in these pending district court actions as well as an exclusion order from the ITC. These cases are currently pending. 
Nokia Corporation v. Apple Inc.; Apple Inc. v. Nokia Corporation 
 Nokia Corporation (“Nokia”) and the Company have asserted multiple claims against one another in lawsuits pending in the United States District Courts for the Districts of Delaware and Wisconsin, in the ITC, in the United Kingdom High Court of Justice and the German Patent Court in Dusseldorf. These cases include claims and counterclaims by Nokia and the Company of patent infringement related to iPhones, iPods, iPads and Apple computers, and Nokia’s mobile computing devices. Nokia alleges that certain of its asserted patents are essential to one or more of the GSM, UMTS and 802.11 wireless communications standards, and acknowledges its commitment to license them on FRAND terms and conditions. Nokia seeks unspecified FRAND compensation, damages and other declaratory and injunctive relief in these pending District Court actions as well as an exclusion order from the ITC. The Company also has asserted claims and counterclaims for declaratory judgments of non-infringement and invalidity of Nokia’s asserted patents as well as for breach of contract, promissory estoppel and antitrust violations. 
The Apple iPod iTunes Antitrust Litigation (formerly Charoensak v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Tucker v. Apple Computer, Inc.); Somers v. Apple Inc. 
 The first-listed action is a consolidated case filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California combining two cases previously pending under the names Charoensak v. Apple Computer Inc. (formerly Slattery v. Apple Computer Inc., filed on January 3, 2005) and Tucker v. Apple Computer, Inc. (filed on July 21, 2006). The second listed action is a related complaint, Somers v. Apple, Inc., which was filed on December 31, 2007, also in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. These cases have been filed on behalf of a purported class of direct and indirect purchasers of iPods and iTunes Store content, alleging various claims including alleged unlawful tying of music and video purchased on the iTunes Store with the purchase of iPods and unlawful acquisition or maintenance of monopoly market power and unlawful acquisition or maintenance of monopoly market power under §§1 and 2 of the Sherman Act, the Cartwright Act, California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition), the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act and California monopolization law. The cases are currently pending. 
 Vogel et al. v. Jobs et al. 
 On August 24, 2006, plaintiffs filed a purported shareholder class action in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain current and former officers and directors, alleging improper backdating of stock option grants to maximize certain defendants’ profits, failing to properly account for those grants and issuing false financial statements. On June 27, 2008, plaintiffs filed another, similar purported shareholder class action in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The parties have reached a settlement and have obtained preliminary court approval. 
 
23 
 

