ITEM 10.     DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Background and Qualifications

The names of the members of Tesla’s Board
of Directors (the “Board”), their respective ages, their positions with Tesla and other biographical information as of April 30,
2025 are set forth below. Except for Messrs. Elon Musk and Kimbal Musk, who are brothers, there are no other family relationships
among any of our directors or executive officers.

    Nominating 

    and 

    Corporate 
    Disclosure 
    Term

    Chair of the 
    Audit 
    Compensation 
    Governance 
    Controls 
    of

    Name 
    Age  
    Board 
    Committee 
    Committee 
    Committee 
    Committee 
    Office

    Elon Musk 
     53  

    Expires in 2026

    Robyn Denholm 
     61  
    X 
    X 
    X 
    X 
    X 
    Expires in 2026

    Ira Ehrenpreis 
     56  

    X 
    X 
      
    Expires in 2025

    Joe Gebbia 
     43  
      
    X 

    Expires in 2025

    James Murdoch 
     52  
      
    X 
      
    X 
    X 
    Expires in 2027

    Kimbal Musk 
     52  

    Expires in 2027

    JB Straubel 
     49  

    Expires in 2026

    Kathleen Wilson-Thompson 
     67  

    X 
    X 
    X 
    Expires in 2025

Elon
Musk is the Technoking of Tesla and has served as our Chief Executive Officer since October 2008 and as a member
of the Board since April 2004. Mr. Musk has also served as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Chairman
of Space Exploration Technologies Corporation, a company which develops and launches advanced rockets and spacecraft
(“SpaceX”), since May 2002, served as Chairman of the Board of SolarCity Corporation, a solar installation company
(“SolarCity”), from July 2006 until its acquisition by us in November 2016, served as Chief Technology Officer
of X Corp., a social media company (“X”), since October 2022 and served as the Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer
of X.AI Corp., an artificial intelligence company (“xAI”), since March 2023. Following the March 2025 merger of
X and xAI, he now serves as the Chief Executive Officer of X.AI Holdings Corp. Mr. Musk is also a founder of The Boring Company
(“TBC”), an infrastructure company, and Neuralink Corporation, a company focused on developing brain-machine interfaces.
Mr. Musk is also involved with the Department of Government Efficiency. Prior to SpaceX, Mr. Musk co-founded PayPal, an
electronic payment system, which was acquired by eBay in October 2002, and Zip2 Corporation, a provider of Internet enterprise
software and services, which was acquired by Compaq in March 1999. Mr. Musk also served on the board of directors of
Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. from April 2021 to June 2022. Mr. Musk holds a B.A. in Physics from the University
of Pennsylvania and a B.S. in Business from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

As our Chief Executive Officer, one of our founders
and our largest shareholder, Mr. Musk brings historical knowledge, operational and technical expertise and continuity to the Board.
Mr. Musk guided Tesla from an early-stage startup, through its IPO in 2010, to transformative growth into one of the most valuable
companies in the world. Mr. Musk’s leadership and unique vision has played a key role in our mission to accelerate the world’s
transition to sustainable energy.

Robyn
Denholm has been a member of the Board since August 2014 and its Chair since November 2018. In
January 2021, Ms. Denholm joined Blackbird Ventures, a venture capital firm, as an Operating Partner, where she works with
the founders of later-stage technology companies. In 2024, she transitioned to a role on the Board of Directors. Ms. Denholm
actively champions the Australian technology sector and was the Inaugural Chair of the Technology Council of Australia, and
currently serves as a Board Director. She also founded Wollemi Capital Group in 2021, with a mission to invest in ventures that
deliver a positive impact. The firm’s investment portfolio spans environmental, venture capital and community focused
investments, and includes majority ownership in two professional basketball teams, the Sydney Kings and Sydney Flames, and most
recently, the majority ownership of the Women’s National Basketball league in Australia. From January 2017 through
June 2019, Ms. Denholm was with Telstra Corporation Limited, a telecommunications company (“Telstra”), where
she served as Chief Financial Officer and Head of Strategy from October 2018 through June 2019, and Chief Operations
Officer from January 2017 to October 2018. Prior to Telstra, from August 2007 to July 2016, Ms. Denholm was
with Juniper Networks, Inc., a manufacturer of networking equipment, serving in executive roles including Executive Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer. Prior to joining Juniper Networks, Ms. Denholm served in
various executive roles at Sun Microsystems, Inc. from January 1996 to August 2007. Ms. Denholm also served at
Toyota Motor Corporation Australia for seven years and at Arthur Andersen & Company for five years in various
finance assignments. Ms. Denholm previously served as a director of ABB Ltd. Ms. Denholm is a Fellow of the Institute
of Chartered Accountants of Australia/New Zealand, a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, and holds a
Bachelor’s degree in Economics from the University of Sydney, and a Master’s degree in Commerce and a Doctor of Business
Administration (honoris causa) from the University of New South Wales.

Ms. Denholm brings nearly 30 years of
executive leadership experience at both NYSE and Nasdaq listed companies, including significant risk management, financial and accounting
expertise, as well as technology leadership experience. Ms. Denholm has extensive knowledge of both the automotive and technology
industries, including serving as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer of two technology companies.

Ira
Ehrenpreis has been a member of the Board since May 2007. Mr. Ehrenpreis has been a venture capitalist since
1996. He is a founder and managing member of DBL Partners, a leading impact investing venture capital firm formed in 2015. Previously,
he led the Energy Innovation practice at Technology Partners. Mr. Ehrenpreis has served on the board and Executive Committee, including
as Annual Meeting Chairman, of the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). Mr. Ehrenpreis currently serves as the Chairman of
the VCNetwork, the largest and most active California venture capital organization, and as the President of the Western Association of
Venture Capitalists (WAVC), the oldest venture capital organization in California. Mr. Ehrenpreis is also deeply involved in the
energy technology sector. He currently serves on the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) Advisory Council, the University of Texas
at Austin Energy Institute Advisory Board, and the Stanford Precourt Institute for Energy Advisory Council, and has served on the advisory
boards of many industry groups, including the American Council on Renewable Energy, the Cleantech Venture Network (Past Chairman of Advisory
Board) and the Stanford Global Climate and Energy Project (GCEP). He was also Chairman of the Clean-Tech Investor Summit for nine years.
Mr. Ehrenpreis served for years as the Chairman of the Silicon Valley Innovation & Entrepreneurship Forum (SVIEF) and
on the Advisory Board of the Forum for Women Entrepreneurs (FWE). Mr. Ehrenpreis is an inductee of the International Green Industry
Hall of Fame. In 2018, the National Venture Capital Association awarded Mr. Ehrenpreis with the industry’s “Outstanding
Service Award” for career contributions to the venture capital industry. In 2023, the Japan Society of Northern California honored
Mr. Ehrenpreis with its 2023 Visionary Award for his “Pioneering Leadership in Impact Investing and the Global Sustainability
Community.” Mr. Ehrenpreis was awarded the 2018 NACD Directorship 100 for his influential leadership in the boardroom and corporate
governance community. Mr. Ehrenpreis holds a B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles and a J.D. and M.B.A. from Stanford
University.

Mr. Ehrenpreis is an acknowledged leader in
the energy, technology, impact and venture capital industries, where he serves on several industry boards, and brings valuable insights
in corporate governance, strategic growth and shareholder values. Mr. Ehrenpreis’ long tenure on Tesla’s Board also provides
the Company with stability and experience as it navigates through different challenges.

Joe
Gebbia has been a member of the Board since September 2022. Mr. Gebbia co-founded Airbnb, Inc. in 2008 and
has served on Airbnb’s board of directors since 2009. In 2022, Mr. Gebbia launched Samara, which produces fully customized,
factory-made homes designed to create rental income, house family, support work from home, or bundled together, to form new types of housing
communities. Mr. Gebbia received dual degrees in Graphic Design and Industrial Design from the Rhode Island School of Design, where
he currently serves on the institution’s Board of Trustees. Mr. Gebbia is the Chairman of Airbnb.org, and also serves on the
Olympic Refuge Foundation and leadership councils for UNHCR, Tent.org and Malala Fund. Mr. Gebbia is a sought-after speaker on design
and entrepreneurship, and has been named in BusinessWeek’s Top 20 Best Young Tech Entrepreneurs, Inc. Magazine’s Thirty-under-Thirty,
Fortune’s Forty-under-Forty, and one of Fast Company’s Most Creative People.

Mr. Gebbia has valuable experience derived
from founding and leading a global public company. The Board benefits from his entrepreneurial background, as well as his experience in
design, innovation, brand development and management of complex regulatory environments.

James
Murdoch has been a member of the Board since July 2017. Mr. Murdoch has been the Chief Executive Officer of Lupa
Systems, a private holding company that he founded, since March 2019. Previously, Mr. Murdoch held a number of leadership roles
at Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc., a media company (“21CF”), over two decades, including its Chief Executive Officer
from 2015 to March 2019, its Co-Chief Operating Officer from 2014 to 2015, its Deputy Chief Operating Officer and Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, International from 2011 to 2014 and its Chairman and Chief Executive, Europe and Asia from 2007 to 2011. Previously,
he served as the Chief Executive Officer of Sky plc from 2003 to 2007, and as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of STAR Group Limited,
a subsidiary of 21CF, from 2000 to 2003. Mr. Murdoch formerly served on the board of News Corporation from 2013 to 2020. In addition,
he has served on the boards of 21CF, Sky plc, GlaxoSmithKline plc and Sotheby’s.

Mr. Murdoch brings to the Board his decades
of executive and board experience across numerous companies. Tesla’s Board benefits from his extensive knowledge of international
markets and strategies and experience with the adoption of new technologies.

Kimbal
Musk has been a member of the Board since April 2004. Mr. Musk is co-founder and Executive Chairman of The Kitchen
Restaurant Group, a growing family of businesses with the goal of providing all Americans with access to real food that was founded in
2004. In 2010, Mr. Musk became the Executive Director of Big Green (formerly The Kitchen Community), a non-profit organization that
creates learning gardens in schools across the United States. Mr. Musk also co-founded Square Roots, an urban farming company growing
fresh, local greens in climate-controlled, AI equipped shipping containers, in 2016, and serves as its Chairman. In 2022, Mr. Musk
founded Nova Sky Stories, with a mission to empower producers and artists to bring art to the skies with drone light shows, and serves
as its Chief Executive Officer. Previously, Mr. Musk was a co-founder of Zip2 Corporation, a provider of Internet enterprise software
and services, which was acquired by Compaq in March 1999. In 2006, Mr. Musk became CEO of OneRiot, a realtime search engine
that was acquired by Walmart in 2011. In addition, Mr. Musk has served on the boards of SpaceX and Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.
Mr. Musk holds a B. Comm. in business from Queen’s University and is a graduate of The French Culinary Institute in New York
City.

Mr. Musk has extensive senior leadership business
experience in the technology, retail and consumer markets, and a robust understanding of mission-driven ventures. Mr. Musk also provides
valuable expertise based on his experience on the Tesla Board and is able to apply his unique understanding of the business to the strategy
and execution of the Company.

JB
Straubel has been a member of the Board since May 2023. Mr. Straubel is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer
of Redwood Materials Inc., a Nevada-based company (“Redwood”) working to drive down the costs and environmental footprint
of lithium-ion batteries by offering large-scale sources of domestic anode and cathode materials produced from recycled batteries. Mr. Straubel
also co-founded and served as the Chief Technology Officer of Tesla from May 2005 to July 2019. Mr. Straubel previously
served on the board of SolarCity and as a member of its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee from August 2006 until its
acquisition by Tesla in November 2016. Mr. Straubel has served on the board of directors of QuantumScape since November 2020.
Mr. Straubel holds a B.S. in Energy Systems Engineering and a M.S. in Engineering, with an emphasis on energy conversion, from Stanford
University.

As a co-founder and one of the key members of Tesla’s
leadership team for over a decade, Mr. Straubel brings extensive operational experience and in-house knowledge of Tesla’s technology,
research and development and business management. Mr. Straubel also provides valuable expertise in the areas of cleantech and batteries.

Kathleen
Wilson-Thompson has been a member of the Board since December 2018. Ms. Wilson-Thompson served as Executive
Vice President and Global Chief Human Resources Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., a global pharmacy and wellbeing
company, from December 2014 until her retirement in January 2021, and previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief
Human Resources Officer from January 2010 to December 2014. Prior to Walgreens, Ms. Wilson-Thompson held various
legal and operational roles at The Kellogg Company, a food manufacturing company, from January 1991 to December 2009,
including most recently as its Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources. Ms. Wilson-Thompson has served on the board of
directors of Wolverine World Wide, Inc. since May 2021 and McKesson Corporation since January 2022. She has also
served on the board of directors of Health Care Service Corporation since October 2024. Ms. Wilson-Thompson previously served on the board of
directors of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. from 2017-2020. Ms. Wilson-Thompson holds an A.B. in English Literature from the
University of Michigan and a J.D. and L.L.M. (Corporate and Finance Law) from Wayne State University.

Ms. Wilson-Thompson brings extensive executive
and board experience at both consumer-focused and industrial companies. In addition, her expertise in managing human resources, employment
law and other operations at mature companies with large workforces provides the Board with valuable insight and advice for workforce management
and relations as Tesla continues to expand.

Additional Information

On October 16, 2018, the U.S. District Court
for the Southern District of New York entered a final judgment approving the terms of a settlement filed with the court on September 29,
2018, in connection with the actions taken by the SEC relating to Elon Musk’s August 7, 2018 Twitter post that he was considering
taking Tesla private. On April 26, 2019, this settlement was amended to clarify certain of its terms, which was subsequently approved
by the Court. Mr. Musk did not admit or deny any of the SEC’s allegations, and there is no restriction on Mr. Musk’s
ability to serve as an officer or director on the Board.

Audit Committee

The Board has four standing committees comprised
solely of independent directors—the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
and the Disclosure Controls Committee. The Audit Committee, which has been established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58) of the
Exchange Act, currently consists of Robyn Denholm, Joe Gebbia and James Murdoch, each of whom is “independent” as such
term is defined for audit committee members by the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”). Ms. Denholm
is the chair of the Audit Committee. The Board has determined that Ms. Denholm is an “audit committee financial expert”
as defined in the rules of the SEC.

Executive Officers

The names of Tesla’s executive officers,
their ages, their positions with Tesla and other biographical information as of April 30, 2025, are set forth below. Except for
Messrs. Elon Musk and Kimbal Musk, who are brothers, there are no other family relationships among any of our directors or executive
officers.

    Name
     
    Age
     
    Position

    Elon Musk
     
    53
     
    Technoking of Tesla and Chief Executive Officer

    Vaibhav Taneja
     
    47
     
    Chief Financial Officer

    Xiaotong (Tom) Zhu
     
    45
     
    Senior Vice President, APAC

Elon
Musk. For a brief biography of Mr. Musk, see “Board of Directors—Background and Qualifications”
under this Item 10 above.

Vaibhav
Taneja has served as our Chief Financial Officer since August 2023. Prior to his appointment as CFO, Mr. Taneja
served as Tesla’s Chief Accounting Officer since March 2019, as Corporate Controller from May 2018, and as Assistant Corporate
Controller between February 2017 and May 2018. Mr. Taneja served in various finance and accounting roles at SolarCity from
March 2016. Mr. Taneja holds a Bachelors of Commerce degree from Delhi University and is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive).

Tom
Zhu has served as our Senior Vice President since April 2023, and Senior Vice President, APAC, since January 2025. Mr. Zhu joined Tesla in April 2014,
and served in various operational roles before being appointed as Vice President, Greater China, where he led the construction and
operations of Gigafactory Shanghai. Mr. Zhu holds a bachelor’s degree of commerce in information technology from the
Auckland University of Technology and an M.B.A. from Duke University.

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports

Under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, Tesla’s
directors, executive officers and any persons holding more than 10% of the Tesla’s common stock are required to report initial ownership
of the Tesla common stock and any subsequent changes in ownership to the SEC. Specific due dates have been established by the SEC, and
Tesla is required to disclose in this Amendment any failure to file required ownership reports by these dates. Based solely upon a review
of forms filed with the SEC and the written representations of such persons for their 2024 fiscal year transactions, Tesla is aware
of no late Section 16(a) filings.

Code of Business Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines

The
Board sets high standards for Tesla’s workforce, officers and directors. Tesla is committed to establishing an operating
framework that exercises appropriate oversight of responsibilities at all levels throughout the Company and managing its affairs in
a manner consistent with rigorous principles of business ethics. Accordingly, Tesla has adopted a Code of Business Ethics, which was
amended in April 2024, and which is applicable to Tesla and its subsidiaries’ directors, officers and personnel. The Code
of Business Ethics sets forth Tesla’s guiding principles, which include thinking before acting, treating everyone with
respect, protecting our information and assets and doing business with integrity. Tesla has also adopted Corporate Governance
Guidelines, which, in conjunction with our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and charters of the standing committees of the
Board, form the framework for Tesla’s corporate governance. The Code of Business Ethics and the Corporate Governance
Guidelines are each available on Tesla’s website at: http://ir.tesla.com/corporate. Tesla will disclose on its website any
amendment to the Code of Business Ethics, as well as any waivers of the Code of Business Ethics, that are required to be disclosed
by the rules of the SEC or Nasdaq.

Hedging, Short Sales and Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans

Tesla has an insider trading policy that is
reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and Nasdaq listing standards. The
insider trading policy prohibits all of our directors, officers and employees from, among other things, engaging in short sales,
hedging or similar transactions designed to decrease the risks associated with holding Tesla securities. This prohibition
encompasses transactions in publicly-traded options, such as puts and calls, and other derivative securities with respect to Tesla
securities, but not transactions designed to facilitate portfolio diversification, such as broad-based index options, futures or
baskets. It is also the policy of Tesla to comply with all applicable securities laws when transacting in its own securities. A copy
of the insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to the Original Form 10-K.