Item 1A. Risk Factors

Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company’s financial condition and
operating results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.

Economic conditions could materially adversely affect the Company.

The Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions. Uncertainty about current global economic conditions poses a risk as consumers and businesses may postpone spending in response to
tighter credit, negative financial news and/or declines in income or asset values, which could have a material negative effect on the demand for the Company’s products and services. Demand could also differ materially from the Company’s
expectations since the Company generally raises prices on goods and services sold outside the U. S. to offset the effect of the strengthening of the U. S. dollar, a trend which has been very pronounced recently. Other factors that could influence
demand include continuing increases in fuel and other energy costs, conditions in the residential real estate and mortgage markets, labor and healthcare costs, access to credit, consumer confidence, and other macroeconomic factors affecting consumer
spending behavior. These and other economic factors could have a material adverse effect on demand for the Company’s products and services and on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

The current financial turmoil affecting the banking system and financial markets and the possibility that financial institutions may consolidate or go out of
business have resulted in a tightening in the credit markets, a low level of liquidity in many financial markets, and extreme volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and equity markets. There could be a number of follow-on
effects from the credit crisis on the Company’s business, including insolvency of key suppliers resulting in product delays; inability of customers, including channel partners, to obtain credit to finance purchases of the
Company’s products and/or customer, including channel partner, insolvencies; and failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions negatively impacting the Company’s treasury operations. Other income and expense
could also vary materially from expectations depending on gains or losses realized on the sale or exchange of financial instruments; impairment charges

14

Table of Contents

related to debt securities as well as equity and other investments; interest rates; cash balances; and changes in fair value of derivative
instruments. The current volatility in the financial markets and overall economic uncertainty increases the risk that the actual amounts realized in the future on the Company’s financial instruments could differ
significantly from the fair values currently assigned to them.

Uncertainty about current global economic conditions could also continue to increase
the volatility of the Company’s stock price.

The matters relating to the Company’s past stock option practices and the restatement of the
Company’s consolidated financial statements may result in additional litigation.

The findings from the Company’s investigation into its past
stock option granting practices and the resulting restatement of prior financial statements in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year September 30, 2006 (the “2006 Form 10-K”) have exposed the Company to
greater risks associated with litigation, regulatory proceedings and government enforcement actions. As described in Part I, Item 3, “ Legal Proceedings,” several derivative complaints and a class action complaint have been filed in
state and federal courts against the Company and certain current and former directors and executive officers pertaining to allegations relating to past stock option grants. The Company has provided the results of its investigation to the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC”) and the United States Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of California, and the Company has responded to their requests for documents and additional information. The Company intends to
continue to provide its full cooperation.

On April 24, 2007, the SEC filed an enforcement action against two former officers of the Company. In
announcing the lawsuit, the SEC stated that it would not bring an enforcement action against the Company based in part on the Company’s “swift, extensive, and extraordinary cooperation in the Commission’s investigation.”
According to the SEC’s statement, the Company’s “cooperation consisted of, among other things, prompt self-reporting, an independent internal investigation, the sharing of the results of that investigation with the government, and the
implementation of new controls designed to prevent the recurrence of fraudulent conduct.” The enforcement actions against each of these former officers have now been settled.

No assurance can be given regarding the outcomes from litigation relating to the Company’s past stock option practices. These and related matters have required, and will continue to require, the Company to incur
substantial expenses for legal, accounting, tax, and other professional services, and may divert management’s attention from the Company’s business. If the Company is subject to adverse findings, it could be required to pay damages and
penalties and might face additional remedies that could harm its financial condition and operating results.

Global markets for personal computers,
digital music devices, mobile communication devices, and related peripherals and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change. If the Company is unable to compete effectively in these markets, its financial condition and
operating results could be materially adversely affected.

The Company competes in global markets that are highly competitive and characterized by
aggressive price cutting, with its resulting downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product price/performance characteristics, rapid
adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers.

The Company’s ability to compete
successfully depends heavily on its ability to ensure a continuing and timely introduction of new innovative products and technologies to the marketplace. The Company believes it is unique in that it designs and develops nearly the entire solution
for its personal computers, consumer electronics, and mobile communication devices, including the hardware, operating system, several software applications, and related services. As a result, the Company must make significant investments in research
and development and as such, the Company currently holds a significant number of patents and copyrights and has registered and/or has applied to register numerous patents, trademarks and service marks. By contrast, many of the Company’s
competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures. If the Company is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins or if other companies

15

Table of Contents

infringe on the Company’s intellectual property, the Company’s ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be negatively affected and have a
materially adverse affect on its financial condition and operating results.

In the market for personal computers and peripherals, the Company faces a
significant number of competitors, many of which have broader product lines, lower priced products, and larger installed customer bases. Consolidation in this market has resulted in larger and potentially stronger competitors. Price competition has
been particularly intense as competitors selling Windows-based personal computers have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. The Company also faces increased competition in key market segments, including consumer, SMB, education,
enterprise, government, and creative markets. An increasing number of Internet devices that include software applications and are smaller and simpler than traditional personal computers compete for market share with the Company’s existing
products.

The Company is currently the only authorized maker of hardware using the Mac OS. The Mac OS has a minority market share in the personal computer
market, which is dominated by makers of computers using competing operating systems, most notably Windows. The Company’s financial condition and operating results depend substantially on the Company’s ability to continually improve the Mac
platform to maintain design and functional advantages. Use of unauthorized copies of the Mac OS on other companies’ hardware products may result in decreased demand for the Company’s hardware products, and could materially adversely affect
the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

The Company is currently focused on certain mobile communication devices, such as iPhone;
consumer electronic devices, including the iPod family of digital music players, and digital content distribution. The Company faces substantial competition from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution, and other
resources, as well as established hardware, software, and digital content supplier relationships. The Company has only recently entered the mobile communications market, and many of its competitors in the mobile communications market have
significantly greater experience, product breadth, and distribution channels than the Company. The Company also competes with illegitimate ways to obtain digital content. Because some current and potential competitors have substantial resources and
experience and a lower cost structure, they may be able to provide such products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss. The Company also expects competition to intensify as competitors attempt to imitate the Company’s approach
to providing these components seamlessly within their individual offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions.

There can be no assurance
the Company will be able to continue to provide products and services that compete effectively.

To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand,
the Company must successfully manage frequent product introductions and transitions.

Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of the personal
computer, consumer electronics and mobile communication industries, the Company must continually introduce new products and technologies, enhance existing products, and effectively stimulate customer demand for new and upgraded products. The success
of new product introductions depends on a number of factors, including timely and successful product development, market acceptance, the Company’s ability to manage the risks associated with new products and production ramp issues, the
availability of application software for new products, the effective management of purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, the availability of products in appropriate quantities and costs to meet
anticipated demand, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. Accordingly, the Company cannot determine in advance the ultimate effect of new product introductions and transitions on its
financial condition and operating results.

The Company faces substantial inventory and other asset risk.

The Company records a write-down for product and component inventories that have become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand or net realizable value and accrues
necessary cancellation fee reserves for orders of excess products and components. The Company also reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changed circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
If the Company determines that impairment has occurred, it records a write-down equal to the amount by which the carrying

16

Table of Contents

value of the assets exceeds its fair market value. Although the Company believes its inventory, asset, and related provisions are currently adequate, no
assurance can be given that, given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence in the global personal computer, consumer electronics, and mobile communication industries, the Company will not incur additional inventory or asset related
charges. Such charges have had, and could have, a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

The Company must
order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product announcements and shipments. Consistent with industry practice, components are normally acquired through a combination of purchase orders, supplier contracts, and open
orders based on projected demand. Such purchase commitments typically cover forecasted component and manufacturing requirements for 30 to 150 days. Because the Company’s markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and
price changes, there is a risk the Company will forecast incorrectly and order or produce excess or insufficient inventories of components or products. The Company’s financial condition and operating results have been in the past and could be
in the future materially adversely affected by the Company’s ability to manage its inventory levels and respond to short-term shifts in customer demand patterns.

Future operating results depend upon the Company’s ability to obtain key components including, but not limited to microprocessors, NAND flash memory, DRAM and LCDs at favorable prices and in sufficient
quantities.

Because the Company currently obtains certain key components including, but not limited to microprocessors, enclosures, certain LCDs,
certain optical drives, and ASICs, from single or limited sources, the Company is subject to significant supply and pricing risks. Many of these and other key components that are available from multiple sources including, but not limited to NAND
flash memory, DRAM and certain LCDs, are subject at times to industry-wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fluctuations. The Company has entered into certain agreements for the supply of key components including, but not limited to
microprocessors, NAND flash memory, DRAM and LCDs at favorable pricing, but there is no guarantee that the Company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar favorable terms, or at all, upon expiration or otherwise obtain favorable
pricing in the future. Therefore, the Company remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and/or price increases that can have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and operating results. The Company expects to experience
decreases in its gross margin percentage in future periods, as compared to levels achieved during 2008 and 2007, due largely to the anticipated impact of product transitions, flat or reduced pricing on new and innovative products that have higher
cost structures, both expected and potential future cost increases for key components, and higher logistical costs. For additional information refer to Part II, Item 7, “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations,” under the subheading “ Gross Margin,” which is incorporated herein by reference.

The Company and other participants
in the personal computer, consumer electronics and mobile communication industries compete for various components with other industries that have experienced increased demand for their products. The Company uses some custom components that are not
common to the rest of the personal computer, consumer electronics or mobile communication industries. The Company’s new products often utilize custom components available from only one source until the Company has evaluated whether there is a
need for, and subsequently qualifies, additional suppliers. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured. Continued availability of these components at
acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if those suppliers decided to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements. If the supply of a key single-sourced component
for a new or existing product were delayed or constrained, if such components were available only at significantly higher prices, or if a key manufacturing vendor delayed shipments of completed products to the Company, the Company’s financial
condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected.

The Company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical
services provided by third parties, many of whom are located outside of the U. S.

Most of the Company’s components and products are manufactured in
whole or in part by a few third-party manufacturers. Many of these manufacturers are located outside of the U. S., and are geographically concentrated

17

Table of Contents

in single locations. The Company has also outsourced much of its transportation and logistics management. While these arrangements may lower operating costs,
they also reduce the Company’s direct control over production and distribution. It is uncertain what effect such diminished control will have on the quality or quantity of products or services, or the Company’s flexibility to respond to
changing conditions. In addition, the Company relies on third-party manufacturers to adhere to the Company’s supplier code of conduct. Although arrangements with such manufacturers may contain provisions for warranty expense reimbursement, the
Company may remain responsible to the consumer for warranty service in the event of product defects. Any unanticipated product defect or warranty liability, whether pursuant to arrangements with contract manufacturers or otherwise, could have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s reputation, financial condition and operating results.

Final assembly of the Company’s products is
currently performed in the Company’s manufacturing facility in Ireland, and by external vendors in California, Korea, China and the Czech Republic. Currently, the supply and manufacture of many critical components is performed by sole-sourced
third-party vendors in the U. S., China, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand and Singapore. Sole-sourced third-party vendors in China perform final assembly of substantially all of the Company’s portable products, including
MacBook Pro, MacBook, MacBook Air, iPods, iPhones and most of the Company’s iMacs. If manufacturing or logistics in these locations is disrupted for any reason, including natural disasters, information technology system failures, military
actions or economic, business, labor, environmental, public health, or political issues, the Company’s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected.

The Company relies on third-party digital content, which may not be available to the Company on commercially reasonable terms or at all.

The Company contracts with certain third parties to offer their digital content through the Company’s iTunes Store. The Company pays substantial fees to obtain the
rights to audio and video content. The Company’s licensing arrangements with these third parties are short-term and do not guarantee the continuation or renewal of these arrangements on reasonable terms, if at all. Some third-party content
providers currently or in the future may offer competing products and services, and could take action to make it more difficult or impossible for the Company to license their content in the future. Other content owners, providers or distributors may
seek to limit the Company’s access to, or increase the total cost of, such content. If the Company is unable to continue to offer a wide variety of content at reasonable prices with acceptable usage rules, or continue to expand its geographic
reach, the Company’s financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected.

Many third-party content providers require that
the Company provide certain digital rights management (“ DRM”) and other security solutions. If these requirements change, the Company may have to develop or license new technology to provide these solutions. There is no assurance the
Company will be able to develop or license such solutions at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner. In addition, certain countries have passed or may propose legislation that would force the Company to license its DRM, which could lessen the
protection of content and subject it to piracy and also could affect arrangements with the Company’s content providers.

The Company relies on
access to third-party patents and intellectual property, and the Company’s future results could be materially adversely affected if it is alleged or found to have infringed intellectual property rights.

Many of the Company’s products are designed to include third-party intellectual property, and in the future the Company may need to seek or renew licenses relating
to various aspects of its products and business methods. Although the Company believes that, based on past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on reasonable terms, there is no assurance that the necessary
licenses would be available on acceptable terms or at all.

Because of technological changes in the global personal computer, consumer electronics and
mobile communication industries, current extensive patent coverage, and the rapid issuance of new patents, it is possible that certain components of the Company’s products and business methods may unknowingly infringe the patents or other
intellectual property rights of third parties. From time to time, the Company has been notified that it may be infringing such rights. Regardless of merit, responding to such claims can consume significant time and

18

Table of Contents

expense. At present, the Company is vigorously defending more than 21 patent infringement cases, 13 of which were filed during fiscal 2008, and several
pending claims are in various stages of evaluation. In certain cases, the Company may consider the desirability of entering into licensing agreements, although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that
litigation will not occur. If the Company is found to be infringing such rights, it may be required to pay substantial damages. If there is a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting the Company from marketing or selling certain products or a
successful claim of infringement against the Company requires it to pay royalties to a third party, the Company’s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected, regardless of whether it can develop
non-infringing technology. While in management’s opinion the Company does not have a potential liability for damages or royalties from any known current legal proceedings or claims related to the infringement of patent or other intellectual
property rights that would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and operating results, the results of such legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Should the Company fail to prevail
in any of the matters related to infringement of patent or other intellectual property rights of others or should several of these matters be resolved against the Company in the same reporting period, the Company’s financial condition and
operating results could be materially adversely affected.

With the June 2007 introduction of iPhone, the Company has begun to compete with mobile
communication device companies that hold significant patent portfolios. Regardless of the scope or validity of such patents or the merits of any potential patent claims by competitors, the Company may have to engage in protracted
litigation, enter into expensive agreements or settlements and/or modify its products. Any of these events could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

The Company’s future performance depends on support from third-party software developers. If third-party software applications and services cease to be developed
and maintained for the Company’s products, customers may choose not to buy the Company’s products.

The Company believes decisions by
customers to purchase its hardware products, including its Macs, iPods and iPhones, are often based to a certain extent on the availability of third-party software applications and services. There is no assurance that third-party developers will
continue to develop and maintain applications and services for the Company’s products on a timely basis or at all, and discontinuance or delay of these applications and services could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
financial condition and operating results.

With respect to its Mac products, the Company believes the availability of third-party software applications and
services depends in part on the developers’ perception and analysis of the relative benefits of developing, maintaining, and upgrading such software for the Company’s products compared to Windows-based products. This analysis may be based
on factors such as the perceived strength of the Company and its products, the anticipated revenue that may be generated, continued acceptance by customers of Mac OS X, and the costs of developing such applications and services. If the
Company’s minority share of the global personal computer market causes developers to question the Company’s prospects, developers could be less inclined to develop or upgrade software for the Company’s products and more inclined to
devote their resources to developing and upgrading software for the larger Windows market. The Company’s development of its own software applications and services may also negatively affect the decisions of third-party developers, such as
Microsoft, Adobe, and Google, to develop, maintain, and upgrade similar or competitive software and services for the Company’s products. Mac OS X Leopard, which became available in October 2007, includes a new feature that enables Intel-based
Mac systems to run Microsoft Windows XP and Windows Vista operating systems. This feature may deter developers from creating software applications for Mac OS X if such applications are already available for the Windows platform.

With respect to iPhone and iPod touch, the Company relies on the continued availability and development of compelling and innovative software applications. As with
applications for the Company’s Mac products, the availability and development of these applications also depend on developers’ perceptions and analysis of the relative benefits of developing software for the Company’s products rather
than its competitors’, including devices that use competing platforms. If developers focus their efforts on these competing platforms, the availability and quality of applications for the Company’s devices may suffer.

19

Table of Contents

The Company’s products and services experience quality problems from time to time that can result in decreased
sales and operating margin.

The Company sells highly complex hardware and software products and services that can contain defects in design and
manufacture. Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those sold by the Company, often contain “bugs” that can unexpectedly interfere with the software’s intended operation. Defects may also occur in
components and products the Company purchases from third parties. There can be no assurance the Company will be able to detect and fix all defects in the hardware, software and services it sells. Failure to do so could result in lost revenue, harm
to reputation, and significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

The Company expects its quarterly revenue and operating results to fluctuate for a variety of reasons.

The
Company’s profit margins vary among its products and its distribution channels. The Company’s software, accessories, and service and support contracts generally have higher gross margins than certain of the Company’s other products.
Gross margins on the Company’s hardware products vary across product lines and can change over time as a result of product transitions, pricing and configuration changes, and component, warranty, and other cost fluctuations. The Company’s
direct sales generally have higher associated gross margins than its indirect sales through its channel partners. In addition, the Company’s gross margin and operating margin percentages, as well as overall profitability, may be materially
adversely impacted as a result of a shift in product, geographic or channel mix, new products, component cost increases, or price competition. The Company has typically experienced greater net sales in the first and fourth fiscal quarters compared
to the second and third fiscal quarters due to seasonal demand related to the holiday season and the beginning of the school year, respectively. Furthermore, the Company sells more products from time-to-time during the third month of a quarter than
it does during either of the first two months. Developments late in a quarter, such as lower-than-anticipated demand for the Company’s products, an internal systems failure, or failure of one of the Company’s key logistics, components
supply, or manufacturing partners, could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

In certain
countries, including the U. S., the Company relies on a single cellular network carrier to provide service for iPhone.

In the U. S., U. K., France,
Germany, Spain, Ireland, and certain other countries, the Company has contracted with a single carrier to provide cellular network services for iPhone on an exclusive basis. If these exclusive carriers cannot successfully compete with other carriers
in their markets for any reason, including but not limited to the quality and coverage of wireless voice and data services, performance and timely build-out of advanced wireless networks, and pricing and other terms of conditions of end-user
contracts, or if these exclusive carriers fail to promote iPhone aggressively or favor other handsets in their promotion and sales activities or service plans, sales may be materially adversely affected.

The Company is subject to risks associated with laws, regulations and industry-imposed standards related to mobile communications devices.

Laws and regulations related to mobile communications devices in the many jurisdictions in which the Company operates are extensive and subject to change. Such changes,
which could include but are not limited to restrictions on production, manufacture, distribution, and use of the device, locking the device to a carrier’s network, or mandating the use of the device on more than one carrier’s network,
could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

Mobile communication devices, such as iPhone, are
subject to certification and regulation by governmental and standardization bodies, as well as by cellular network carriers for use on their networks. These certification processes are extensive and time consuming, and could result in
additional testing requirements, product modifications or delays in product shipment dates, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

20

Table of Contents

The Company may be subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches in data
security.

Information technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches of data security could disrupt the Company’s operations by
causing delays or cancellation of customer, including channel partner, orders, negatively affecting the Company’s online offerings and services, impeding the manufacture or shipment of products, processing transactions and reporting financial
results, resulting in the unintentional disclosure of customer or Company information, or damage to the Company’s reputation. While management has taken steps to address these concerns by implementing sophisticated network security and internal
control measures, there can be no assurance that a system failure or data security breach will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

The Company’s stock price continues to be volatile.

The
Company’s stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility as a result of variations between its actual and anticipated financial results, announcements by the Company and its competitors, or uncertainty about current global economic
conditions. The stock market as a whole also has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies’ operating performance.
Furthermore, the Company believes its stock price reflects high future growth and profitability expectations. If the Company fails to meet these expectations its stock price may significantly decline.

Political events, war, terrorism, public health issues, natural disasters and other circumstances could materially adversely affect the Company.

War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, public health issues, and other business interruptions have caused and could cause damage or disruption to international
commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on the Company, its suppliers, logistics providers, manufacturing vendors and customers, including channel partners. The Company’s business operations are subject to
interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, terrorist attacks, and other hostile acts, labor disputes, public health issues, and other events beyond its control. Such events could decrease demand for the Company’s products, make
it difficult or impossible for the Company to make and deliver products to its customers, including channel partners, or to receive components from its suppliers, and create delays and inefficiencies in the Company’s supply chain. Should major
public health issues, including pandemics, arise, the Company could be negatively affected by more stringent employee travel restrictions, additional limitations in freight services, governmental actions limiting the movement of products between
regions, delays in production ramps of new products, and disruptions in the operations of the Company’s manufacturing vendors and component suppliers. The majority of the Company’s research and development activities, its corporate
headquarters, information technology systems, and other critical business operations, including certain component suppliers and manufacturing vendors, are located near major seismic faults. Because the Company does not carry earthquake insurance for
direct quake-related losses and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations, the Company’s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected in the event of a major earthquake.

The Company’s success depends largely on its ability to attract and retain key personnel.

Much of the Company’s future success depends on the continued service and availability of skilled personnel, including its CEO, its executive team and key employees in technical, marketing and staff positions.
Experienced personnel in the technology industry are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense, especially in the Silicon Valley, where most of the Company’s key employees are located. The Company has relied on equity awards
as one means for recruiting and retaining this highly skilled talent. Accounting regulations requiring the expensing of stock options have resulted in increased stock-based compensation expense, which has caused the Company to reduce the number of
stock-based awards issued to employees and could negatively impact the Company’s ability to attract and retain key personnel. Additionally, significant adverse volatility in the Company’s stock price could result in a stock option’s
exercise price exceeding the underlying stock’s market value or a significant deterioration in the value of restricted stock units (“ RSUs”) granted, thus lessening the

21

Table of Contents

effectiveness of retaining employees through stock-based awards. There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to successfully attract and retain
key personnel.

Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could materially adversely affect the Company.

The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that have arisen out of the ordinary conduct of its business and are not yet resolved and additional claims
may arise in the future. Results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of its merit, litigation may be both time-consuming and disruptive to the Company’s operations and cause significant expense and diversion of
management attention. In recognition of these considerations, the Company may enter into material settlements. Should the Company fail to prevail in certain matters, or should several of these matters be resolved against the Company in the same
reporting period, the Company may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against it that would materially adversely affect a portion of its business and might materially affect the Company’s financial condition and
operating results.

The Company’s business is subject to the risks of international operations.

The Company derives a large and growing portion of its revenue and earnings from its international operations. As a result, its financial condition and operating results
could be significantly affected by risks associated with international activities, including economic and labor conditions, political instability, tax laws (including U. S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries), and changes in the value of the U. S. dollar
versus local currencies. Margins on sales of the Company’s products in foreign countries, and on sales of products that include components obtained from foreign suppliers, could be materially adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations and by international trade regulations, including tariffs and antidumping penalties.

The Company’s primary exposure to movements in
foreign currency exchange rates relate to non-U. S. dollar denominated sales in Europe, Japan, Australia, Canada, and certain parts of Asia, as well as non-U. S. dollar denominated operating expenses incurred throughout the world. Weakening of foreign
currencies relative to the U. S. dollar will adversely affect the U. S. dollar value of the Company’s foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings, and generally will lead the Company to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand
for the Company’s products. In some circumstances, due to competition or other reasons, the Company may decide not to raise local prices to the full extent of the dollar’s strengthening, or at all, which would adversely affect the U. S.
dollar value of the Company’s foreign currency denominated sales and earnings. Conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies, while generally beneficial to the Company’s foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings, could cause the
Company to reduce international pricing, thereby limiting the benefit. As strengthening of foreign currencies may also increase the Company’s cost of product components denominated in those currencies.

The Company has used derivative instruments, such as foreign exchange forward and option positions, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place.

The Company’s retail business has required and will continue to require a substantial investment and commitment of resources and is subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties.

Through September 27, 2008, the Company had opened 247 retail stores. The Company’s retail stores have required substantial
fixed investment in equipment and leasehold improvements, information systems, inventory, and personnel. The Company also has entered into substantial operating lease commitments for retail space with terms ranging from 5 to 20 years, the majority
of which are for 10 years. Certain stores have been designed and built to serve as high-profile venues to promote brand awareness and serve as vehicles for corporate sales and marketing activities. Because of their unique design elements, locations
and size, these stores require substantially more investment than the Company’s more typical retail stores. Due to the high fixed cost structure associated with the Retail segment, a decline in sales or the closure or poor performance of
individual or multiple stores could result in significant lease termination costs, write-offs of equipment and leasehold improvements, and severance costs that could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and
operating results.

22

Table of Contents

Many factors unique to retail operations, some of which are beyond the Company’s control, pose risks and
uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on the Retail segment’s future results, cause its actual results to differ from anticipated results and have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and
operating results. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things, macro-economic factors that could have a negative effect on general retail activity, as well as the Company’s inability to manage costs associated with store
construction and operation, inability to sell third-party products at adequate margins, failure to manage relationships with existing retail channel partners, more challenging environment in managing retail operations outside the U. S., costs
associated with unanticipated fluctuations in the value of retail inventory, and inability to obtain and renew leases in quality retail locations at a reasonable cost.

Investment in new business strategies and initiatives could disrupt the Company’s ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated.

The Company has invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies or acquisitions. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties,
including distraction of management from current operations, insufficient revenue to offset liabilities assumed and expenses associated with the strategy, inadequate return of capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the Company’s due
diligence. Because these new ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and initiatives will be successful and will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and operating
results.

The Company’s future operating performance depends on the performance of distributors, carriers, and other resellers.

The Company distributes its products through wholesalers, resellers, national and regional retailers, value-added resellers, and cataloguers, many of whom distribute
products from competing manufacturers. The Company also sells many of its products and resells third-party products in most of its major markets directly to end-users, certain education customers, and certain resellers through its online and retail
stores. iPhone is distributed through the Company, its cellular network carriers’ distribution channels, and certain third-party resellers.

Many
resellers operate on narrow product margins and have been negatively affected in the past by weak economic conditions. Some resellers have perceived the expansion of the Company’s direct sales as conflicting with their business interests as
distributors and resellers of the Company’s products. Such a perception could discourage resellers from investing resources in the distribution and sale of the Company’s products or lead them to limit or cease distribution of those
products. The Company’s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected if the financial condition of these resellers weakens, if resellers stopped distributing the Company’s products, or if uncertainty
regarding demand for the Company’s products caused resellers to reduce their ordering and marketing of the Company’s products. The Company has invested and will continue to invest in programs to enhance reseller sales, including staffing
selected resellers’ stores with Company employees and contractors and improving product placement displays. These programs could require a substantial investment while providing no assurance of return or incremental revenue.

The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the market values of its investment portfolio.

Although the Company has not recognized any material losses on its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, future declines in their market values could have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and operating results. Given the global nature of its business, the Company has investments both domestically and internationally. Additionally, the Company’s overall investment
portfolio is often concentrated in the financial sector, which has been negatively impacted by the recent market liquidity conditions. Credit ratings and pricing of these investments can be negatively impacted by liquidity, credit deterioration or
losses, financial results, or other factors. As a result, the value or liquidity of the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments could decline and result in a material impairment, which could have a material adverse effect on
the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

23

Table of Contents

The Company is exposed to credit risk on its accounts receivable and prepayments related to long-term supply
agreements. This risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.

A substantial majority of the Company’s outstanding trade
receivables are not covered by collateral or credit insurance. The Company also has unsecured non-trade receivables resulting from the sale by the Company of components to vendors who manufacture sub-assemblies or assemble final products for the
Company. In addition, the Company has made prepayments associated with long-term supply agreements to secure supply of NAND flash memory. While the Company has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its trade and non-trade
receivables as well as long-term prepayments, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and operating
results.

The Company is subject to risks associated with laws and regulations related to health, safety and environmental protection.

The Company’s products and services, and the production and distribution of those goods and services, are subject to a variety of laws and regulations. These may
require the Company to offer customers the ability to return a product at the end of its useful life and place responsibility for environmentally safe disposal or recycling with the Company. Such laws and regulations have been passed in several
jurisdictions in which the Company operates, including various countries within Europe and Asia, certain Canadian provinces and certain states within the U. S. Although the Company does not anticipate any material adverse effects based on the nature
of its operations and the thrust of such laws, there is no assurance such existing laws or future laws will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

Changes in the Company’s tax rates could affect its future results.

The Company’s future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or
their interpretation. The Company is subject to the continuous examination of its income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these
examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

The Company is subject to risks associated with the availability and coverage of insurance.

For certain risks, the Company does not maintain insurance coverage because of cost and/or availability. Because the Company retains some portion of its insurable
risks, and in some cases self-insures completely, unforeseen or catastrophic losses in excess of insured limits could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments