ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

Microsoft was founded in 1975. Our mission is to enable people and organizations
throughout the world to do more and achieve more by creating technology that transforms the way people learn, work, play, and communicate. We develop and market software, services, and devices that deliver new opportunities, greater convenience, and
enhanced value to people’s lives. We do business worldwide and have offices in more than 100 countries.

We generate revenue by
developing, licensing, and supporting a wide range of software products and services, by designing, manufacturing, and selling devices, and by delivering relevant online advertising to a global customer audience. In addition to selling individual
products and services, we offer suites of products and services.

Our products include operating systems for computing devices, servers,
phones, and other intelligent devices; server applications for distributed computing environments; productivity applications; business solution applications; desktop and server management tools; software development tools; video games; and online
advertising. We also design and sell hardware including PCs, tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, phones, other intelligent devices, and related accessories.

We offer cloud-based solutions that provide customers with software, services, and content over the Internet by way of shared computing resources located in centralized data centers. Examples of cloud-based
computing services we offer include Bing, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online, Microsoft Office 365, OneDrive, Skype, Xbox Live, and Yammer. Cloud revenue is earned primarily from usage fees, advertising, and subscriptions. We also
provide consulting and product and solution support services, and we train and certify computer system integrators and developers.

We
conduct research and develop advanced technologies for future software, devices, and services. We believe that we will continue to grow and meet our customers’ needs as the productivity and platform company for the mobile-first and cloud-first
world. We will continue to create new opportunities for partners, increase customer satisfaction, and improve our service excellence, business efficacy, and internal processes.

OPERATING SEGMENTS

During the first quarter of fiscal year 2014, we changed our
organizational structure as part of our transformation to a devices and services company. As a result, information that our chief operating decision maker regularly reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance changed.
Therefore, beginning in fiscal year 2014, we reported our financial performance based on our new segments: Devices and Consumer (“ D& C”) Licensing, D& C Hardware, D& C Other, Commercial Licensing, and Commercial Other.

3

Table of Contents

PART I