ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’ S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“ MD& A”) is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations
and financial condition of Microsoft Corporation. MD& A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying Notes to Financial Statements.

OVERVIEW

Microsoft is a
technology leader focused on being the productivity and platform company for the mobile-first and cloud-first world. We strive to reinvent productivity to empower people and organizations to do more and achieve more. We create technology that
transforms the way people work, play, and communicate across a wide range of computing devices.

We generate revenue by developing,
licensing, and supporting a wide range of software products, by offering an array of services, including cloud-based services to consumers and businesses, by designing, manufacturing, and selling devices that integrate with our cloud-based services,
and by delivering relevant online advertising to a global audience. Our most significant expenses are related to compensating employees, designing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling our products and services, datacenter costs in support of our
cloud-based services, and income taxes.

Industry Trends

Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that
can further transform the industry and our business. At Microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers, industry
trends, and competitive forces.

Key Opportunities and Investments

We see significant opportunities for growth by investing research and development resources in the following areas:

  Digital work and life experiences  

  Our cloud operating system  

  Our devices operating system and hardware  

26

Table of Contents

PART II