ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

Microsoft was
founded in 1975. Our mission is to enable people and businesses throughout the world to realize their full potential. We work to achieve this mission by creating technology that transforms the way people work, play, and communicate. We develop and
market software, services, and hardware that deliver new opportunities, greater convenience, and enhanced value to people’s lives. We do business worldwide and have offices in more than 100 countries.

We generate revenue by developing, licensing, and supporting a wide range of software products and services, by designing and selling hardware, and
by delivering relevant online advertising to a global customer audience. In addition to selling individual products and services, we offer suites of products and services.

Our products include operating systems for personal computers (“ PCs”), servers, phones, and other intelligent devices; server applications for distributed computing environments; productivity
applications; business solution applications; desktop and server management tools; software development tools; video games; and online advertising. We also design and sell hardware including the Xbox 360 gaming and entertainment console, Kinect for
Xbox 360, Xbox 360 accessories, and Microsoft PC hardware products.

We provide consulting and product and solution support services,
and we train and certify computer system integrators and developers. We also offer cloud-based solutions that provide customers with software, services and content over the Internet by way of shared computing resources located in centralized data
centers. Cloud revenue is earned primarily from usage fees and advertising.

Examples of cloud-based computing services we offer
include:

  Bing, our Internet search engine that finds and organizes the answers people need so they can make faster, more informed decisions;  

  Windows Live Essentials suite, which allows users to upload, organize and store photos, make movies, communicate via video, email, and messaging, and enhance  

  Xbox LIVE service, which enables online gaming, social networking, and access to a wide range of video, gaming, and entertainment content;  

  Microsoft Office 365, an online suite that enables people to work from virtually anywhere, anytime, and on any device with simple, familiar collaboration and  

3

Table of Contents

PART I

Item 1