
Item 3.   Legal Proceedings
---------------------------
 As of September 24, 2011, the end of the annual period covered by this report, the Company was subject to the various legal proceedings and claims discussed below, as well as certain other legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss contingencies. However, the outcome of legal proceedings and claims brought against the Company are subject to significant uncertainty. Therefore, although management considers the likelihood of such an outcome to be remote, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against the Company in the same reporting period for amounts in excess of management’s expectations, the Company’s consolidated financial statements of a particular reporting period could be materially adversely affected. See the risk factors “The Company’s future results could be materially adversely affected if it is found to have infringed on intellectual property rights.” and “Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could materially adversely affect the Company.” in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” The Company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2011 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 
 In re Apple & ATTM Antitrust Litigation (brought on behalf of named plaintiffs Kliegerman, Holman, Rivello, Smith, Lee, Macasaddu, Morikawa, Scotti and Sesso) 
 This is a purported class action filed against the Company and AT&T Mobility in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The Consolidated Complaint alleges that the Company and AT&T Mobility violated the federal antitrust laws by monopolizing and/or attempting to monopolize the “aftermarket for voice and data services” for the iPhone and that the Company monopolized and/or attempted to monopolize the “aftermarket for software applications for iPhones.” Plaintiffs are seeking unspecified compensatory and punitive damages for the class, treble damages, injunctive relief and attorneys fees. On July 8, 2010 the Court granted in part plaintiffs’ motion for class certification. Following a favorable Supreme Court ruling for AT&T Mobility in its case against Conception, defendants have filed Motions to Compel Arbitration and to Decertify the Class.
 The Apple iPod iTunes Antitrust Litigation (formerly Charoensak v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Tucker v. Apple Computer, Inc.); Somers v. Apple Inc. 
 These related cases have been filed on January 3, 2005, July 21, 2006 and December 31, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of a purported class of direct and indirect purchasers of iPods and iTunes Store content, alleging various claims including alleged unlawful tying of music and video purchased on the iTunes Store with the purchase of iPods and unlawful acquisition or maintenance of monopoly market power and unlawful acquisition or maintenance of monopoly market power under §§1 and 2 of the Sherman Act, the Cartwright Act, California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition), the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act and California monopolization law. Plaintiffs are seeking unspecified compensatory and punitive damages for the class, treble damages, injunctive relief, disgorgement of revenues and/or profits and attorneys fees. Plaintiffs are also seeking DRM free versions of any songs downloaded from iTunes or an order requiring the Company to license its DRM to all competing music players. The cases are currently pending. 
 
21 
 
