ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

Microsoft is a technology company committed to making digital technology and artificial intelligence (“AI”) available broadly and doing so responsibly. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. 

We develop and support a broad portfolio of technology solutions for individuals and businesses, focusing on secure, trusted, and innovative platforms and tools that meet evolving customer needs across cloud computing, productivity and collaboration, and personal computing. We strive to create opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world.

AI is fundamentally transforming productivity for every individual, organization, and industry. Microsoft's AI offerings span every layer of the technology stack, enabling transformative outcomes across sectors and unlocking opportunity for every country, community, and individual. 

We believe AI should be as empowering as it is powerful, and we’re committed to designing and deploying AI responsibly with safety and security from the outset.

What We Offer

Founded in 1975, we develop and support software, services, devices, and solutions that deliver new value for customers and help people and businesses realize their full potential.

We offer an array of services, including cloud-based solutions that provide customers with software, services, platforms, and content, and we provide solution support and consulting services. We also deliver relevant online advertising to a global audience.

Our products include operating systems, cross-device productivity and collaboration applications, server applications, business solution applications, desktop and server management tools, software development tools, and video games. We also design and sell devices, including PCs, tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, other intelligent devices, and related accessories.

Digital transformation and adoption of AI continues to revolutionize more business workstreams for organizations in every sector across the globe. For enterprises, digital technology empowers employees, optimizes operations, engages customers, and in some cases, changes the very core of products and services. 

  3

  PART I

Item 1

  The Microsoft Cloud provides integration across the technology stack while offering openness, improving time to value, reducing costs, and increasing agility. Our cloud business benefits from three economies of scale: datacenters that deploy computational resources at significantly lower cost per unit than smaller ones; datacenters that coordinate and aggregate diverse customer, geographic, and application demand patterns, improving the utilization of computing, storage, and network resources; and multi-tenancy locations that lower application maintenance labor costs. 

We prioritize security above all else and we offer our customers integrated AI-driven products addressing security, compliance, identity, management, and privacy across customers’ multi-cloud, application, and device assets.

The Ambitions That Drive Us

To achieve our vision, our research and development efforts focus on three interconnected ambitions:

•Reinvent productivity and business processes to help organizations and individuals work and collaborate more securely and efficiently.

•Build the intelligent cloud and intelligent edge platform to provide a foundation for our customers’ digital workloads including hybrid consistency, developer productivity, data and AI capabilities, and trusted security and compliance.

•Create more personal computing to enable users to interact with technology in more intuitive, engaging, and dynamic ways. 

Our Future Opportunity

We are focused on helping customers use the breadth and depth of the Microsoft Cloud to get the most value out of their digital spend while leading the AI platform wave across our solution areas. We continue to develop complete, intelligent solutions for our customers that empower people to be productive and collaborate, while safeguarding businesses and simplifying IT management. Our goal is to lead the industry in several distinct areas of technology over the long term, which we expect will translate to sustained growth. We are investing significant resources in:

•Transforming the workplace to deliver new, modern, modular business applications, drive deeper insights, and improve how people communicate, collaborate, learn, work, and interact with one another.

•Building and running cloud-based services in ways that utilize ubiquitous computing to unleash new experiences and opportunities for businesses and individuals.

•Applying AI and ambient intelligence to drive insights, revolutionize many types of work and business processes, and provide substantive productivity gains using Microsoft 365 Copilot and agents.

•Providing training on generative AI and greater access to digital learning and resources through skilling programs and initiatives, grants, and LinkedIn learning pathways.

•Inventing new gaming experiences that bring people together around their shared love for games on any device and pushing the boundaries of innovation with console and PC gaming.

•Leveraging Windows to fuel our cloud business, grow our share of the PC market, and drive increased engagement with our services like Microsoft Edge, Bing, Copilot, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft 365 Consumer, Xbox Game Pass, and more.

•Tackling security from all angles with our integrated, end-to-end solutions spanning security, compliance, identity, and management, across all clouds and platforms.

Our future growth depends on our ability to transcend current product category definitions, business models, and sales motions.

Commitment to Sustainability

Microsoft is committed to sustainability and our approach to addressing climate change starts with the sustainability of our own business. In 2020, we announced goals to become a carbon negative, water positive, and zero waste company by 2030. Since announcing these goals, we have made meaningful progress while having seen major changes in both the technology sector and in our understanding of what it will take to meet our goals. Progress toward these goals can be found in our annual Environmental Sustainability Report.

  4

  PART I

Item 1

  OPERATING SEGMENTS

We operate our business and report our financial performance using three segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing. Our segments provide management with a comprehensive financial view of our key businesses. The segments enable the alignment of strategies and objectives across the development, sales, marketing, and services organizations, and they provide a framework for timely and rational allocation of resources within businesses.

In August 2024, we announced changes to the composition of our segments. These changes align our segments with how we currently manage our business, most notably bringing the commercial components of Microsoft 365 together in the Productivity and Business Processes segment. Beginning in fiscal year 2025, the information that our chief operating decision maker is regularly provided and reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance reflects these segment changes.

Additional information on our operating segments and geographic and product information is contained in Note 18 – Segment Information and Geographic Data of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).

Our reportable segments are described below.

Productivity and Business Processes

Our Productivity and Business Processes segment consists of products and services in our portfolio of productivity, communication, and information services, spanning a variety of devices and platforms. This segment primarily comprises:

•Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud, comprising Microsoft 365 Commercial, Enterprise Mobility + Security, the cloud portion of Windows Commercial, the per-user portion of Power BI, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft 365 Security and Compliance, and Microsoft 365 Copilot; and Microsoft 365 Commercial products, comprising Windows Commercial on-premises and Office licensed on-premises.

•Microsoft 365 Consumer products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions, Office licensed on-premises, and other consumer services.

•LinkedIn, including Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions.

•Dynamics products and cloud services, including Dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud-based applications across ERP, CRM, Power Apps, and Power Automate; and on-premises ERP and CRM applications.

Microsoft 365 Commercial Products and Cloud Services

Microsoft 365 Commercial is an AI-powered business and productivity solutions platform that brings together Office, Windows, Microsoft 365 Copilot, and Enterprise Mobility + Security to help organizations empower their employees. Growth depends on our ability to reach new users in new markets such as frontline workers, small and medium businesses, and growth markets, as well as add AI-enabled tools, features, and agentic scenarios to our core product and service offerings across communication, collaboration, analytics, security, compliance, and other AI business productivity categories. Microsoft 365 Commercial revenue is mainly affected by a combination of continued installed base growth and average revenue per user expansion, as well as the continued shift from Office licensed on-premises to Microsoft 365.

Microsoft 365 Consumer Products and Cloud Services

Microsoft 365 Consumer is designed to increase personal productivity and creativity through a range of products and services. Growth depends on our ability to reach new users, add value to our core product set with new features including AI tools, and continue to expand our product and service offerings into new markets. Microsoft 365 Consumer cloud revenue and Office Consumer products revenue is mainly affected by the percentage of customers that buy Office with their new devices and the continued shift from Office licensed on-premises to Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions. Microsoft 365 Consumer cloud revenue is also affected by the demand for communication and storage through Outlook.com and OneDrive, which is largely driven by subscriptions and advertising.

  5

  PART I

Item 1

  LinkedIn

LinkedIn connects the world’s professionals to make them more productive and successful and transforms the way companies hire, market, sell, and learn. In addition to LinkedIn’s free services, LinkedIn offers monetized solutions designed to offer AI-enabled insights and productivity: Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions. Growth will depend on our ability to increase LinkedIn member engagement on the platform and our ability to continue offering insight and AI-enabled services that provide value for our members and customers. LinkedIn revenue is mainly affected by demand from enterprises and professionals for subscriptions to Talent Solutions, Sales Solutions, and Premium Subscriptions offerings, as well as member engagement and the quality of the sponsored content delivered to those members to drive Marketing Solutions. 

Dynamics Products and Cloud Services

Dynamics provides cloud-based and on-premises business solutions for financial management, enterprise resource planning (“ERP”), customer relationship management (“CRM”), and supply chain management, as well as agentic AI and other low code application development platforms, for small and medium businesses, large organizations, and divisions of global enterprises. Dynamics revenue is driven by the number of users licensed and applications consumed, expansion of average revenue per user, and the continued shift to Dynamics 365, a unified set of cloud-based intelligent business applications, including our low code development platforms, such as Power Apps and Power Automate.

Competition

Competitors to Office include software and global application vendors, web-based and mobile application companies, AI-first application companies, as well as local application developers. We compete by providing secure, integrated industry-specific, and easy-to-use productivity and collaboration tools and services that create comprehensive solutions and work well with technologies our customers already have both on-premises or in the cloud.

Windows faces competition from various software products and from alternative platforms and devices. Microsoft Defender for Endpoint competes with endpoint security solution providers. 

Our Enterprise Mobility + Security offerings compete with products from a range of competitors including identity vendors, security solution vendors, and numerous other security point solution vendors.

LinkedIn faces competition from online professional networks; recruiting, talent management, and human resource services companies; job boards; companies that provide learning and development products and services; online and offline outlets that generate revenue from advertisers and marketers; and online and offline outlets for companies with lead generation and customer intelligence and insights.

Dynamics competes with cloud-based and on-premises business solution providers.

Intelligent Cloud

Our Intelligent Cloud segment consists of our public, private, and hybrid server products and cloud services that power modern business and developers. This segment primarily comprises:

•Server products and cloud services, including Azure and other cloud services, comprising cloud and AI consumption-based services, GitHub cloud services, Nuance Healthcare cloud services, virtual desktop offerings, and other cloud services; and Server products, comprising SQL Server, Windows Server, Visual Studio, System Center, related Client Access Licenses (“CALs”), and other on-premises offerings.

•Enterprise and partner services, including Enterprise Support Services, Industry Solutions, Nuance professional services, Microsoft Partner Network, and Learning Experience.

  6

  PART I

Item 1

  Server Products and Cloud Services

Azure is a comprehensive set of cloud services that offer developers, IT professionals, and enterprises freedom to build, deploy, and manage applications on any platform or device. Customers can use Azure through our global network of datacenters for computing, networking, storage, mobile and web application services, AI, Internet of Things, cognitive services, and machine learning. Azure enables customers to devote more resources to development and use of applications that benefit their organizations, rather than managing on-premises hardware and software. Azure revenue is mainly affected by infrastructure-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service consumption-based services.

Azure AI offerings provide a competitive advantage as companies seek ways to optimize and scale their business with AI. We offer supercomputing power for AI at scale to run large workloads, complemented by our rapidly expanding portfolio of AI cloud services (including the latest models) and hardware, which includes custom-built silicon and strong partnerships with chip manufacturers. Azure AI Foundry is a unified platform for developers to design, customize, and manage AI applications and agents.

Our server products are designed to make IT professionals, developers, and their systems more productive and efficient. Server software is integrated server infrastructure and middleware designed to support software applications built on the Windows Server operating system. This includes the server platform, database, business intelligence, storage, management and operations, virtualization, service-oriented architecture platform, security, and identity software. We also license standalone and software development lifecycle tools for software architects, developers, testers, and project managers. Server products revenue is mainly affected by purchases through volume licensing programs, licenses sold to OEMs, and retail packaged products. CALs provide access rights to certain server products, including SQL Server and Windows Server, and revenue is reported along with the associated server product.

GitHub and Nuance Healthcare include both cloud and on-premises offerings. GitHub provides a collaboration platform for developers to manage code and incorporate AI and agent-based tools across the software development lifecycle. Nuance Healthcare provides AI solutions to the healthcare industry. 

Enterprise and Partner Services

Enterprise and partner services, including Enterprise Support Services, Industry Solutions, Nuance professional services, Microsoft Partner Network, and Learning Experience, assist customers in developing, deploying, and managing Microsoft server solutions, Microsoft desktop solutions, and Nuance conversational AI and ambient intelligent solutions, along with providing training and certification to developers and IT professionals on various Microsoft products.

Competition

Azure faces diverse competition from cloud service providers and open source offerings. Azure’s competitive advantage includes enabling a hybrid cloud, allowing deployment of existing datacenters with our public cloud into a single, cohesive infrastructure, and the ability to run at a scale that meets the needs of businesses of all sizes and complexities. Our AI offerings compete with AI products from hyperscalers, as well as products from other emerging competitors and other open source offerings, many of which are also current or potential partners. Our Azure Security offerings include our cloud security solution and security information and event management solution, which compete with providers in the cybersecurity and cloud security space. We believe our cloud’s global scale, coupled with our broad portfolio of identity and security solutions, allows us to effectively solve complex cybersecurity challenges for our customers and differentiates us from the competition.

Our server products face competition from a wide variety of server operating systems and applications offered by companies with a range of market approaches. Vertically integrated computer manufacturers offer their own versions of the Unix operating system preinstalled on server hardware and nearly all computer manufacturers offer server hardware for the Linux operating system.

We compete to provide enterprise-wide computing and point solutions with numerous commercial software vendors that offer solutions and middleware technology platforms, software applications for connectivity, security, hosting, database, and e-business servers.

  7

  PART I

Item 1

  Our database, business intelligence, and data warehousing solutions offerings compete with products from providers in the data and analytics industry. Our system management solutions compete with server management and server virtualization platform providers. Our products for software developers compete against offerings from major technology providers, as well as open source alternatives. 

We believe our server products provide customers with advantages in performance, total costs of ownership, and productivity by delivering superior applications, development tools, compatibility with a broad base of hardware and software applications, security, and manageability. 

Our Enterprise and partner services business competes with a wide range of companies that provide strategy and business planning, application development, and infrastructure services, including multinational consulting firms and small niche businesses focused on specific technologies. 

More Personal Computing

Our More Personal Computing segment consists of products and services that put customers at the center of the experience with our technology. This segment primarily comprises:

•Windows and Devices, including Windows OEM licensing (Windows Pro and non-Pro licenses sold through the OEM channel) and Devices, comprising Surface and PC accessories.

•Gaming, including Xbox hardware and Xbox content and services, comprising first- and third-party content (including games and in-game content), Xbox Game Pass and other subscriptions, Xbox Cloud Gaming, advertising, and other cloud services.

•Search and news advertising, comprising Bing and Copilot, Microsoft News, Microsoft Edge, and third-party affiliates.

Windows and Devices

The Windows operating system is designed to deliver a more personal computing experience for users by enabling consistency of experience, applications, and information across their devices. Windows OEM revenue is impacted significantly by the number of Windows operating system licenses purchased by OEMs, which they pre-install on the devices they sell. In addition to computing device market volume, Windows OEM revenue is impacted by: 

•The mix of computing devices based on form factor and screen size.

•Differences in device market demand between developed markets and growth markets.

•Growth of the AI PC category.

•Attachment of Windows to devices shipped.

•Customer mix between consumer, small and medium businesses, and large enterprises.

•Changes in inventory levels in the OEM channel.

•Pricing changes and promotions, pricing variation that occurs when the mix of devices manufactured shifts from local and regional system builders to large multinational OEMs, and different pricing of Windows versions licensed.

•Constraints in the supply chain of device components.

•Piracy.

We design and sell devices, such as Surface (including Copilot+ PCs) and PC accessories. Our devices are designed to enable people and organizations to connect to the people and content that matter most using Windows and integrated Microsoft products and services. Surface is designed to help organizations, students, and consumers be more productive. Growth in Devices is dependent on total PC shipments, the ability to attract new customers, our product roadmap, and expanding into new categories.

  8

  PART I

Item 1

  Gaming

Microsoft is expanding how billions of people globally access and play video games on PC, console, mobile, and cloud. Our game content is developed through a collection of first-party studios creating iconic and differentiated gaming experiences. We continue to invest in gaming studios and content to expand our intellectual property roadmap and leverage new content creators. These unique gaming experiences are the cornerstone of Xbox Game Pass, a subscription service and gaming community with access to a curated library of first- and third-party titles.

The gamer remains at the heart of the Xbox ecosystem. We are identifying new opportunities to attract gamers across a variety of different end points through our first- and third-party content and business diversification across subscriptions, ads, and digital stores. We’ve seen new devices from third-party manufacturers along with key PC and mobile end points that help us empower gamers to play in a way that is most convenient to them. We are focused on growing the platform and expanding to new ecosystems to engage as many gamers as possible. 

Xbox enables people to connect and share online gaming experiences that are accessible on Xbox consoles, Windows-enabled devices, and other devices. Xbox is designed to benefit users by providing access to a network of certified applications and services and to benefit our developer and partner ecosystems by providing access to a large customer base. Xbox revenue is mainly affected by subscriptions and sales of first- and third-party content, as well as advertising. Growth of our Gaming business is determined by the overall active user base through Xbox enabled content, availability of games, providing exclusive game content that gamers seek, the computational power and reliability of the devices used to access our content and services, and the ability to create new experiences. 

Search and News Advertising

Our Search and news advertising business is designed to deliver relevant search, native, and display advertising to a global audience. Microsoft Copilot is a digital companion designed to inform, entertain, and inspire. Our Microsoft Edge browser and Bing search engine with Copilot are key tools to enable user acquisition and engagement, while our technology platform enables accelerated delivery of digital advertising solutions. In addition to first-party tools, we have several partnerships with companies through which we provide and monetize search offerings. Growth depends on our ability to attract new users, understand intent, and match intent with relevant content on advertising offerings.

Competition 

Windows faces competition from various software products and from alternative platforms and devices. We believe Windows competes effectively by giving customers choice, value, flexibility, security, an easy-to-use interface, and compatibility with a broad range of hardware and software applications, including those that enable productivity. 

Devices face competition from various computer, tablet, and hardware manufacturers who offer a unique combination of high-quality industrial design and innovative technologies across various price points. Many of these manufacturers are also current or potential partners and customers, including our Windows OEMs.

Xbox and our cloud gaming services face competition from various online gaming ecosystems and game streaming services. We also compete with other providers of entertainment services such as video streaming platforms. Our gaming platform competes with other console platforms. We believe our gaming platform is effectively positioned against, and uniquely differentiated from, competitive products and services based on significant innovation in hardware architecture, user interface, developer tools, online gaming and entertainment services, and continued strong content from our own first-party game franchises as well as other digital content offerings.

Our Search and news advertising business competes with search engines, and a wide array of websites, social platforms, and portals that provide content and online offerings to end users. 

HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES

As of June 30, 2025, we employed approximately 228,000 people on a full-time basis, 125,000 in the U.S. and 103,000 internationally. Of the total employees, 89,000 were in operations, including product support and consulting services, datacenter operations, and manufacturing and distribution; 80,000 were in product research and development; 44,000 were in sales and marketing; and 15,000 were in general and administration. Certain employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements.

  9

  PART I

Item 1

  We design our programs to attract, reward, and retain top talent while fostering continuous employee development and reinforcing our organizational culture and values. Our total compensation offering is both highly differentiated and competitive within the market, and we also monitor pay equity across multiple dimensions. We have invested significantly in employee wellbeing and offer a differentiated benefits package which includes many physical, emotional, and financial wellness programs. We also provide access to continuous learning through a wide range of internal and external content, supporting professional growth across roles and disciplines. Through our employee listening systems, we gather direct feedback from our workforce, enabling us to adapt our programs and address employee needs globally with real-time insights. Additionally, our culture prioritizes the security of both our customers and Microsoft, embedding this responsibility across all teams and functions.

OPERATIONS 

We have regional operations service centers in the Americas, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Middle East that support our business operations, including customer contract and order processing, billing, credit and collections, customer lifecycle AI and cloud operations, and vendor management and logistics.

In addition to our operations centers, we also operate datacenters throughout each of these regions. We continue to align our datacenter locations and server capacity to meet the evolving needs of our customers, particularly given the growing demand for AI services. Our datacenters depend on the availability of permitted and buildable land, predictable energy, networking supplies, and servers, including graphics processing units (“GPUs”) and other components.

We engage third-party manufacturers to produce our devices and have implemented measures to enhance supply chain efficiency and resilience, including the ability to relocate production geographically. 

There are few qualified suppliers for certain components of our servers and devices. Extended or unforeseen disruptions at these suppliers could impact our ability to operate our datacenters and manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 

Product and Service Development 

Our success is based on our ability to create new and compelling products, services, and experiences for our users, initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, enter new geographic and product markets, and drive broad adoption of our products and services. We make significant investments in research and development for new and existing products, services, and technologies, including tools and platforms spanning digital work and life experiences, cloud computing, AI, devices, security, and operating systems. 

We develop most of our products and services internally which allows us to maintain competitive advantages that come from product differentiation and closer technical control over our products and services. It also gives us the freedom to decide which modifications and enhancements are most important and when they should be implemented. We strive to obtain information as early as possible about changing usage patterns and hardware advances that may affect software and hardware design. Before releasing new software platforms, and as we make significant modifications to existing platforms, we provide application vendors with a range of resources and guidelines for development, training, and testing.

We plan to continue to make significant investments in a broad range of product research and development activities, and as appropriate, we will coordinate our research and development across operating segments and leverage the results across the company. This includes continuing to support fundamental research, which provides us with a unique perspective on future trends and contributes to our innovation.

  10

  PART I

Item 1

  Intellectual Property

We protect our intellectual property investments in a variety of ways. We work actively in the U.S. and internationally to ensure the enforcement of copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, and other protections that apply to our software and hardware products, services, business plans, and branding. While we employ much of our internally-developed intellectual property in our products and services, we also engage in outbound licensing of specific patented technologies that are incorporated into licensees’ products. From time to time, we enter into broader cross-license agreements with other technology companies covering entire groups of patents. We may also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products and services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, supporting societal and/or environmental efforts, or attracting and enabling our external development community. Our engagement with open source software also causes us to license our intellectual property rights broadly in certain situations.

While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and services, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. We believe our continuing research and product development are not materially dependent on any single license or other agreement with a third-party relating to the development of our products. 

DISTRIBUTION, SALES, AND MARKETING 

Our customers include individual consumers, small and medium organizations, large global enterprises, public-sector institutions, service providers, application developers, and OEMs. We market and distribute our products and services through the following channels: direct, distributors and resellers, and OEMs. Our sales organization performs a variety of functions, including working directly with commercial enterprises and public-sector organizations worldwide to identify and meet their technology and digital transformation requirements; supporting system integrators, independent software vendors, and other partners who engage directly with our customers to perform sales, consulting, and fulfillment functions for our products and services; and managing OEM relationships.

Direct 

Many organizations that license our products and services transact directly with us through Enterprise Agreements and Enterprise Services contracts, with sales support from system integrators, independent software vendors, web agencies, and partners that advise organizations on licensing our products and services (“Enterprise Agreement Software Advisors” or “ESA”). Microsoft offers direct sales programs targeted to reach small, medium, and corporate customers, in addition to those offered through the reseller channel. A large network of partner advisors support many of these sales. 

We also sell commercial and consumer products and services directly to customers, such as cloud services, search, and gaming, through our digital marketplaces and online stores. Additionally, our Microsoft Experience Centers are designed to facilitate deeper engagement with our partners and customers across industries. 

Distributors and Resellers 

Organizations also license our products and services indirectly, primarily through licensing solution partners (“LSP”), distributors, value-added resellers (“VAR”), and retailers. Although each type of reselling partner may reach organizations of all sizes, LSPs are primarily engaged with large organizations, distributors resell primarily to VARs, and VARs typically reach small and medium organizations. ESAs are also typically authorized as LSPs and operate as resellers for our other volume licensing programs. Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider is our main partner program for reselling cloud services. 

We distribute our retail packaged products primarily through independent non-exclusive distributors, authorized replicators, resellers, and retail outlets. Individual consumers obtain these products primarily through retail outlets. We distribute our devices through third-party retailers. We have a network of field sales representatives and field support personnel that solicit orders from distributors and resellers and provide product training and sales support. 

Our Dynamics business solutions are also licensed to enterprises through a global network of channel partners providing vertical solutions and specialized services. 

  11

  PART I

Item 1

  OEMs 

We distribute our products and services through OEMs that pre-install our software on new devices and servers they sell. The largest component of the OEM business is the Windows operating system pre-installed on devices. OEMs also sell devices pre-installed with other Microsoft products and services, including applications such as Office and the capability to subscribe to Microsoft 365 Consumer. 

There are two broad categories of OEMs. The largest category of OEMs are direct OEMs as our relationship with them is managed through a direct agreement between Microsoft and the OEM. We have distribution agreements covering one or more of our products with virtually all the multinational OEMs, including Dell, Hewlett-Packard, Lenovo, and with many regional and local OEMs. The second broad category of OEMs are system builders consisting of lower-volume PC manufacturers, which source Microsoft software for pre-installation and local redistribution primarily through the Microsoft distributor channel rather than through a direct agreement or relationship with Microsoft. 

LICENSING OPTIONS 

We offer options for organizations of varying sizes that want to purchase our cloud services and on-premises software. We license these organizations under volume licensing agreements to allow the customer to acquire multiple licenses of products and services instead of having to acquire separate licenses through retail channels. These volume licensing programs have varying programmatic requirements and benefits to best meet the needs of our customers.

Software Assurance (“SA”) conveys rights to new software and upgrades for perpetual licenses released over the contract period. It also provides support, tools, training, and other licensing benefits to help customers deploy and use software efficiently. SA is required to be purchased with certain volume licensing agreements and is an optional purchase with others.

Volume Licensing Programs

Enterprise Agreement 

Enterprise Agreements offer large organizations a manageable volume licensing program that gives them the flexibility to buy cloud services and software licenses under one agreement. Enterprise Agreements are designed for medium or large organizations that want to license Microsoft products and services organization-wide over a three-year period. Organizations can elect to purchase perpetual licenses (covered with SA) and/or subscribe to cloud services.

Microsoft Customer Agreement

Microsoft Customer Agreements are simplified purchase agreements presented, accepted, and stored through a digital experience. Microsoft Customer Agreements are non-expiring agreements that are designed to support all customers over time, whether purchasing through a partner or directly from Microsoft.

Microsoft Online Subscription Agreement

Microsoft Online Subscription Agreements are designed for small and medium organizations that want to subscribe to, activate, provision, and maintain cloud services seamlessly and directly via the web. These agreements allow customers to acquire monthly or annual subscriptions for cloud-based services.

Microsoft Products and Services Agreement 

Microsoft Products and Services Agreements are designed for medium and large organizations that want to license cloud services and on-premises software as needed, with no organization-wide commitment, under a single, non-expiring agreement. Organizations purchase perpetual licenses or subscribe to licenses. SA is optional for customers that purchase perpetual licenses. 

  12

  PART I

Item 1

  Open Value

Open Value agreements are a simple, cost-effective way to acquire the latest Microsoft technology. These agreements are designed for small and medium organizations that want to license cloud services and on-premises software over a three-year period. Under Open Value agreements, organizations can elect to purchase perpetual licenses or subscribe to licenses and SA is included. 

Select Plus 

A Select Plus agreement is designed for government and academic organizations to acquire on-premises licenses at any affiliate or department level, while realizing advantages as one organization. Organizations purchase perpetual licenses and SA is optional. 

Partner Programs 

The Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider Program offers customers an easy way to license the cloud services they need in combination with the value-added services offered by their systems integrator, managed services provider, or cloud reseller partner. Partners in this program can easily package their own products and services to directly provision, manage, and support their customer subscriptions.

The Microsoft Services Provider License Agreement allows hosting service providers and independent software vendors who want to license eligible Microsoft software products to provide hosted applications and software services to their end customers. Partners license software over a three-year period and are billed monthly based on units licensed. 

The Independent Software Vendor Royalty Program enables partners to integrate Microsoft products into other applications and then license the unified business solution to their end users.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION 

We are subject to a wide range of laws, regulations, and legal requirements in the U.S. and globally, including those that may apply to our products and online services offerings, and those that impose requirements related to user privacy, telecommunications, data storage and protection, advertising, and online content. These requirements are continually evolving, and they can be unclear and vary significantly across jurisdictions. We have implemented comprehensive compliance programs across our operations to adapt to these changes and to maintain customer and regulator confidence. We monitor regulatory developments around the world and implement policies, controls, and technical safeguards so that our operations, products, and services meet applicable legal standards. Our business teams, with legal support, manage the compliance programs and prepare external regulatory and commercial reporting, and our internal audit teams conduct reviews of the programs and processes. While we have a unified approach to regulatory compliance, some of the programs and processes are tailored to meet specific regulatory obligations, such as with the creation of independent compliance functions required by the European Union (“EU”) Digital Markets Act and the EU Digital Services Act, which oversee, monitor, and assess the company’s compliance with these acts.

For a description of the risks we face related to regulatory matters, refer to Risk Factors (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K).

  13

  PART I

Item 1

  INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Our executive officers as of July 30, 2025 were as follows:

     Name

     Age

     Position with the Company

     Satya Nadella

     57

     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     Judson B. Althoff

     52

     Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer

     Amy L. Coleman

     53

     Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer

     Kathleen T. Hogan

     59

     Executive Vice President, Office of Strategy and Transformation 

     Amy E. Hood

     53

     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

     Takeshi Numoto

     54

     Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer

     Bradford L. Smith

     66

     Vice Chair and President

Mr. Nadella was appointed Chairman of the Board in June 2021 and Chief Executive Officer in February 2014. He served as Executive Vice President, Cloud and Enterprise from July 2013 until that time. From 2011 to 2013, Mr. Nadella served as President, Server and Tools. From 2009 to 2011, he was Senior Vice President, Online Services Division. From 2008 to 2009, he was Senior Vice President, Search, Portal, and Advertising. Since joining Microsoft in 1992, Mr. Nadella’s roles also included Vice President of the Business Division.

Mr. Althoff was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer in July 2021. He served as Executive Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Business from July 2017 until that time. Prior to that, Mr. Althoff served as the President of Microsoft North America. Mr. Althoff joined Microsoft in March 2013 as President of Microsoft North America. Mr. Althoff also serves on the Board of Directors of Ecolab Inc.

Ms. Coleman was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in March 2025. She previously served as Corporate Vice President, Human Resources and Corporation Functions since January 2021. Prior to that, Ms. Coleman served as Vice President Human Resources and Corporate Functions since September 2020. Since joining Microsoft in 2009, Ms. Coleman has held various positions of increasing authority.

Ms. Hogan was appointed Executive Vice President, Office of Strategy and Transformation in March 2025. She previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since June 2023. Ms. Hogan had been Executive Vice President, Human Resources since November 2014. Prior to that, Ms. Hogan was Corporate Vice President of Microsoft Services. She also served as Corporate Vice President of Customer Service and Support. Ms. Hogan joined Microsoft in 2003. Ms. Hogan also serves on the Board of Directors of Alaska Air Group, Inc.

Ms. Hood was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in July 2013, subsequent to her appointment as Chief Financial Officer in May 2013. From 2010 to 2013, Ms. Hood was Chief Financial Officer of the Microsoft Business Division. Since joining Microsoft in 2002, Ms. Hood has also held finance-related positions in the Server and Tools Business and the corporate finance organization.

Mr. Numoto was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer in October 2023. He served as Executive Vice President and Commercial Chief Marketing Officer from March 2020. Mr. Numoto served as a Corporate Vice President, Cloud Marketing from January 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Numoto served as a Corporate Vice President for Office 365 Marketing from 2004, where he led the transformation from traditional on-premises packaged software to the introduction of Office 365. Since joining Microsoft in 1997, Mr. Numoto has held multiple roles in Windows Program Management and Office Marketing.

Mr. Smith was appointed Vice Chair and President in September 2021. Prior to that, he served as President and Chief Legal Officer since September 2015. He served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary from 2011 to 2015, and served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary from 2001 to 2011. Mr. Smith was also named Chief Compliance Officer in 2002. Since joining Microsoft in 1993, he was Deputy General Counsel for Worldwide Sales and previously was responsible for managing the European Law and Corporate Affairs Group, based in Paris. Mr. Smith also serves on the Board of Directors of Netflix, Inc.

  14

  PART I

Item 1

  AVAILABLE INFORMATION

Our Internet address is www.microsoft.com. At our Investor Relations website, www.microsoft.com/investor, we make available free of charge a variety of information for investors. Our goal is to maintain the Investor Relations website as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, including:

•Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) at www.sec.gov.

•Information on our business strategies, financial results, and metrics for investors.

•Announcements of investor conferences, speeches, and events at which our executives talk about our product, service, and competitive strategies. Archives of these events are also available.

•Press releases on quarterly earnings, product and service announcements, legal developments, and international news.

•Corporate governance information including our articles of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, committee charters, codes of conduct and ethics, global corporate social responsibility initiatives, and other governance-related policies.

•Other news and announcements that we may post from time to time that investors might find useful or interesting.

•Opportunities to sign up for email alerts to have information pushed in real time.

We publish a variety of reports and resources related to our Corporate Social Responsibility programs and progress on our Reports Hub website, www.microsoft.com/corporate-responsibility/reports-hub, including reports on responsible AI, sustainability, responsible sourcing, accessibility, digital trust, and public policy engagement. 

The information found on these websites is not part of, or incorporated by reference into, this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. In addition to these channels, we use social media to communicate to the public. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed to be material to investors. We encourage investors, the media, and others interested in Microsoft to review the information we post on the social media channels listed on our Investor Relations website.

  15

  PART I

Item 1A