ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

Our mission is to enable people and businesses throughout the world to realize their full potential. Since the company was founded in 1975, we have
worked to achieve this mission by creating technology that transforms the way people work, play, and communicate. We develop and market software, services, hardware, and solutions that we believe deliver new opportunities, greater convenience, and
enhanced value to people’s lives. We do business throughout the world and have offices in more than 100 countries.

We generate
revenue by developing, manufacturing, licensing, and supporting a wide range of software products and services for many different types of computing devices. Our software products and services include operating systems for personal computers,
servers, and intelligent devices; server applications for distributed computing environments; information worker productivity applications; business solutions applications; high-performance computing applications; software development tools; and
video games. We provide consulting and product and solution support services, and we train and certify computer system integrators and developers. We also design and sell hardware including the Xbox 360 gaming and entertainment console and
accessories, the Zune digital music and entertainment device and accessories, and Microsoft personal computer (“ PC”) hardware products. In addition to selling individual products and services, we offer suites of products and services,
including those discussed below and the enterprise client access license (“eCAL”) suite, which licenses access to Microsoft server software products.

We earn revenues from customers paying a fee to license software; that will continue to be an important part of our business, even as we develop
and deliver “cloud-based” computing services. Cloud-based computing involves providing software, services and content over the Internet by way of shared computing resources located in centralized data centers. Consumers and business
customers access these resources from a variety of devices. Revenues are earned primarily from usage fees and advertising.

Microsoft’s “software plus services” vision reflects our belief that what is most powerful for end users is a computing or
communication device running sophisticated software, interacting with cloud-based resources. Examples of consumer-oriented cloud-based computing services we offer currently include:

  Bing, our Internet search service;  

  Windows Live Essentials suite, which allows users to upload and organize photos, make movies, communicate via email and messaging and enhance online safety;  

  Xbox LIVE service, which enables online gaming, social networking, and content access.  

3

Table of Contents

PART I

Item 1