ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

Our corporate offices consist of approximately 15 million square feet of office space located in King County, Washington: ten million
square feet of owned space situated on approximately 500 acres of land we own at our corporate campus in Redmond, Washington and approximately five million square feet of space we lease. We own approximately two million additional square feet
of office and datacenter space domestically (outside of the Puget Sound corporate campus) and lease many sites domestically totaling approximately four million square feet of office and datacenter space. We occupy many sites internationally,
totaling approximately two million square feet that is owned and approximately nine million square feet that is leased. International facilities that we own include our India Development Center in Hyderabad, India; the European Operations
Center in Dublin, Ireland; a Research and Development Campus in Shaghai, China; and facilities in Reading and Atherstone, UK. The largest leased office spaces include the following locations: Beijing and Shanghai, China; Tokyo, Japan;
Unterschleissheim, Germany; Paris, France; Dublin, Ireland; Bangalore, India; Reading, UK; Vedbaek, Denmark; and Mississauga, Canada. In addition to the above locations, we have a disk duplication and digital distribution facility in Humacao, Puerto
Rico, a facility in Singapore for our Asia Pacific Operations Center and Regional headquarters, and various product development facilities, both domestically and internationally, as described in the “ Research and Development” section of
Item 1 of this Form 10-K.

20

Table of Contents

PART I, II

Item 2, 3, 5, 6

Our facilities are fully used for current operations of all segments, and suitable additional
spaces are available to accommodate expansion needs. We have a development agreement with the City of Redmond under which we may currently develop approximately 1.6 million square feet of additional facilities at our corporate campus in
Redmond, Washington. In addition, we own 63 acres of undeveloped land in Issaquah, Washington, that can accommodate approximately one million square feet of office space.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS