CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Review of Related Party Transactions

In accordance with the charter for the Audit Committee of the Board, our Audit Committee reviews and approves in advance any proposed related person transactions.

For purposes of these procedures, “related person” and “transaction” have the meanings contained in Item 404 of Regulation S-K.

The individuals and entities that are considered “related persons” include:

•

Directors, nominees for director and executive officers of Tesla;

•

Any person known to be the beneficial owner of five percent or more of Tesla’s common stock (a “5% Stockholder”); and

•

Any immediate family member, as defined in Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, of a director, nominee for director, executive officer or 5% Stockholder.

In accordance with our Related Person Transactions Policy and Procedures, the Audit Committee must review and approve all transactions in which (i) Tesla or one of its subsidiaries is a participant, (ii) the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and (iii) a related person has a direct or indirect material interest, other than transactions available to all Tesla employees generally.

In assessing a related party transaction brought before it for approval the Audit Committee considers, among other factors it deems appropriate, whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related person’s interest in the transaction. The Audit Committee may then approve or disapprove the transaction in its discretion.

Any related person transaction will be disclosed in the applicable SEC filing as required by the rules of the SEC.

Related Party Transactions

SpaceX

Elon Musk is the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technical Officer and a significant stockholder of SpaceX. Kimbal Musk, Antonio Gracias, and Stephen Jurvetson, who are members of the Board, are also members of the board of directors of SpaceX. In addition, certain members of the Board, and/or investment funds affiliated with them, have made minority investments in SpaceX.

SpaceX purchased certain battery components from Tesla at an aggregate purchase price of $1.0 million in 2019, and at an aggregate purchase price of $1.2 million in 2020 through March. The pricing for such components was negotiated in good faith.

SpaceX has purchased certain non-battery vehicle parts from Tesla from time to time from a standard parts catalog that is also available to other business partners. Such parts are offered to all buyers, including SpaceX, at uniform prices. SpaceX purchased an aggregate $0.6 million of such parts in 2019 and an aggregate $0.6 million of such parts in 2020 through March.

In 2020, Tesla agreed to build a custom tool for SpaceX at its tool machining facility at an estimated cost of $0.7 million. The pricing for such project, including labor hours, was negotiated in good faith, and such work will take place during previously scheduled downtime at Tesla’s facility.

28

In 2019, SpaceX purchased a Tesla Energy system from Tesla for $0.3 million through standard sales processes. The price was negotiated in good faith.

Since April 2016, SpaceX has invoiced Tesla for our use of an aircraft owned and operated by SpaceX at rates determined by Tesla and SpaceX, subject to rules of the Federal Aviation Administration governing such arrangements. Tesla did not incur any expenses under this arrangement in 2019 and has incurred $0.2 million in 2020 through March.

Other Transactions

In the ordinary course of business, we enter into offer letters with our executive officers. We have also entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and officers. The indemnification agreements and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws require us to indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. In 2019, Tesla entered into a one-year agreement with Elon Musk relating to the indemnification of directors and officers, as described in “Director Independence” under this Item 13 below.

In 2019, our Board member James Murdoch purchased a Tesla Powerpack system from us at a total upfront cost of $0.6 million through standard sales processes. The price was negotiated in good faith.

In 2020, a company affiliated with our Board member Lawrence J. Ellison entered into an agreement to obtain preliminary design services from us for an estimated $0.4 million, relating to the potential future implementation of a Tesla Energy system. The services contract was negotiated and priced in good faith.

In February 2020, Messrs. Elon Musk and Ellison purchased from us 13,037 and 1,250 shares, respectively, of our common stock in a public offering at the public offering price for an aggregate $11.0 million.

Director Independence

Our Board of Directors periodically assesses, with the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the independence of its non-employee members as defined in the listing standards of NASDAQ and applicable laws. As part of such review in 2020, the Board undertook an analysis for each non-employee director and considered all relevant facts and circumstances, including the director’s other commercial, accounting, legal, banking, consulting, charitable and familial relationships. The Board determined that with respect to each of its current members other than Elon Musk, who is our Chief Executive Officer, and Kimbal Musk, who is Elon Musk’s brother, there are no disqualifying factors with respect to director independence enumerated in the listing standards of NASDAQ or any relationships that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, and that each such member is an “independent director” as defined in the listing standards of NASDAQ and applicable laws. 

In particular, the Board reviewed the following considerations:

•

Ira Ehrenpreis, Antonio Gracias, Stephen Jurvetson, James Murdoch, Elon Musk, Kimbal Musk, and/or investment funds affiliated with them, have made minority investments in certain companies or investment funds, (i) of which other Tesla directors are founders, significant stockholders, directors, officers, or managers, and/or (ii) with which Tesla has certain relationships set forth in “Related Party Transactions” under this Item 13 above. The Board concluded that none of these investments are material so as to impede the exercise of independent judgment by any of Messrs. Ehrenpreis, Gracias, Jurvetson or Mr. Murdoch, and that none of them has a direct or indirect interest in any transaction between Tesla and another company set forth in “Related Party Transactions” under this Item 13 above.

•

Messrs. Gracias and Jurvetson are directors of SpaceX, (i) of which Elon Musk and Kimbal Musk are also directors, and (ii) with which Tesla has certain relationships set forth in “Related Party Transactions—SpaceX” under this Item 13 above. The Board concluded that each of Messrs. Gracias and Jurvetson is an experienced investment professional who has served on the boards of multiple companies without conflict or impairment of independent judgment.

•

Lawrence J. Ellison and Mr. Murdoch, and/or entities affiliated with them, have purchased certain Tesla products and services from Tesla as set forth in “Related Party Transactions—Other Transactions” 

29

under this Item 13 above. The Board concluded that such purchases were negotiated and completed through ordinary course sales processes in good faith on terms generally available to similar customers, and would not impair the independent judgment of Messrs. Ellison or Murdoch.

•

Robyn Denholm and Mr. Ellison are or were formerly officers of certain companies from which Tesla has purchased business services. The Board concluded that such purchases were for standard offerings in the ordinary course of business pursuant to good faith contracting processes in which neither Ms. Denholm nor Mr. Ellison were involved or had any material interest.

•

Tesla determined not to renew its directors and officers liability insurance policy for the 2019-2020 year due to disproportionately high premiums quoted by insurance companies. Instead, Elon Musk agreed with Tesla to personally provide coverage substantially equivalent to such a policy for a one-year period, and the other members of the Board are third-party beneficiaries thereof. The Board concluded that because such arrangement is governed by a binding agreement with Tesla as to which Mr. Musk does not have unilateral discretion to perform, and is intended to replace an ordinary course insurance policy, it would not impair the independent judgment of the other members of the Board.

In addition, prior to their departures from the Board in June 2019, the Board had determined that Brad Buss and Linda Johnson Rice were independent directors as defined in the listing standards of NASDAQ and applicable laws.

ITEM 14.