LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

In addition, each of the matters below is being disclosed pursuant to Item 103 of Regulation S-K because it relates to environmental regulations and aggregate civil penalties that could potentially exceed $1 million. We believe that any proceeding that is material to our business or financial condition is likely to have potential penalties far in excess of such amount.

The Bay Area Air Quality Management District (“BAAQMD”) has issued notices of violation to us relating to air permitting and related compliance for the Fremont Factory, but has not initiated formal proceedings. We have disputed certain of these allegations and have asserted that there has been no related adverse community or environmental impact. While we have not yet resolved this matter, we remain in close communication with BAAQMD with respect to it. We do not currently expect any material adverse impact on our business.

The German Umweltbundesamt has issued our subsidiary in Germany a notice and fine in the amount of 12 million euro alleging its non-compliance under applicable laws relating to market participation notifications and take-back obligations with respect to end-of-life battery products required thereunder. This is primarily relating to administrative requirements, but Tesla has continued to take back battery packs, and although we cannot predict the outcome of this matter, including the final amount of any penalties, we have filed our objection and it is not expected to have a material adverse impact on our business.

We have also received a follow-up information request from the EPA under Section 114(a) of the Clean Air Act of 1963, as amended (the “Clean Air Act”). The EPA is reviewing the compliance of our Fremont Factory operations with applicable requirements under the Clean Air Act, and we are working with the EPA in responding its requests for information. While the outcome of this matter cannot be determined at this time, it is not currently expected to have a material adverse impact on our business.

ITEM 4.