
Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Risk Management 
 The Company regularly reviews its foreign exchange forward and option positions and interest rate swaps, both on a stand-alone basis and in conjunction with its underlying foreign currency and interest rate related exposures. Given the effective horizons of the Company’s risk management activities and the anticipatory nature of the exposures, there can be no assurance these positions will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in either foreign exchange or interest rates. Further, the recognition of the gains and losses related to these instruments may not coincide with the timing of gains and losses related to the underlying economic exposures and, therefore, may adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results. 
Interest Rate Risk 
 Investments 
 While the Company is exposed to interest rate fluctuations in many of the world’s leading industrialized countries, the Company’s interest income is most sensitive to fluctuations in U.S. interest rates. Changes in U.S. interest rates affect the interest earned on the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, the fair value of those securities, as well as costs associated with hedging. 
 The Company’s investment policy and strategy are focused on preservation of capital and supporting the liquidity requirements of the Company. A portion of the Company’s cash is managed by external managers within the guidelines of the Company’s investment policy and to objective market benchmarks. The Company’s internal portfolio is benchmarked against external manager performance. 
 The Company’s exposure to changes in interest rates relates primarily to the Company’s investment portfolio. The Company typically invests in highly-rated securities, and its investment policy generally limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The policy requires investments generally to be investment grade, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. 
 To provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate risk associated with the Company’s investment portfolio, the Company performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a change in interest rates would have on the value of the investment portfolio assuming a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve. Based on investment positions as of September 28, 2013, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates across all maturities would result in a $2.7 billion incremental decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. As of September 29, 2012, a similar 100 basis point increase in the yield curve would have resulted in a $2.1 billion incremental decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. Such losses would only be realized if the Company sold the investments prior to maturity. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 In the third quarter of 2013, the Company issued $17.0 billion of long-term debt, which included $3.0 billion of floating-rate notes. To manage the risk of fluctuations in interest rates associated with the floating-rate notes, the Company entered into interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of $3.0 billion, which, in effect, fixed the interest rate of the floating-rate notes. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 In general, the Company is a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively affect the Company’s net sales and gross margins as expressed in U.S. dollars. There is a risk that the Company will have to adjust local 
 
42 
 
 currency product pricing due to competitive pressures when there have been significant volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 The Company may enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts with financial institutions to protect against foreign exchange risks associated with certain existing assets and liabilities, certain firmly committed transactions, forecasted future cash flows, and net investments in foreign subsidiaries. The Company’s practice is to hedge a portion of its material foreign exchange exposures, typically for up to 12 months. However, the Company may choose not to hedge certain foreign exchange exposures for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to accounting considerations and the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures. 
 To provide a meaningful assessment of the foreign currency risk associated with certain of the Company’s foreign currency derivative positions, the Company performed a sensitivity analysis using a value-at-risk (“VAR”) model to assess the potential impact of fluctuations in exchange rates. The VAR model consisted of using a Monte Carlo simulation to generate thousands of random market price paths assuming normal market conditions. The VAR is the maximum expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, to the Company’s foreign currency derivative positions due to adverse movements in rates. The VAR model is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation and management tool. The model assumes normal market conditions. Forecasted transactions, firm commitments, and assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were excluded from the model. Based on the results of the model, the Company estimates with 95% confidence a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $201 million as of September 28, 2013 compared to a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $200 million as of September 29, 2012. Because the Company uses foreign currency instruments for hedging purposes, the loss in fair value incurred on those instruments are generally offset by increases in the fair value of the underlying exposures. 
 Actual future gains and losses associated with the Company’s investment portfolio and derivative positions may differ materially from the sensitivity analyses performed as of September 28, 2013 due to the inherent limitations associated with predicting the timing and amount of changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchanges rates and the Company’s actual exposures and positions. 
 
43