ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

Our corporate offices consist of approximately 15 million square feet of office space located in King County, Washington: 10 million
square feet of owned space situated on approximately 500 acres of land we own at our corporate campus in Redmond, Washington and approximately five million square feet of space we lease. We own approximately three million additional square feet
of office and data center space domestically (outside of the Puget Sound corporate campus) and lease many sites domestically totaling approximately four million square feet of office and data center space.

We occupy many sites internationally, totaling approximately three million square feet that is owned and approximately nine million square
feet that is leased. International facilities that we own include our development center in Hyderabad, India; our European operations center in Dublin, Ireland; a research and development campus in Beijing, China; and facilities in Reading, UK. The
largest leased office spaces include the following locations: Beijing and Shanghai, China; Tokyo, Japan; Unterschleissheim, Germany; Paris, France; Dublin, Ireland; Bangalore, India; Reading, UK; Vedbaek, Denmark; and Mississauga, Canada. In
addition to the above locations, we have a disk duplication and digital distribution facility in Humacao, Puerto Rico, a facility in Singapore for our Asia Pacific operations center and regional headquarters, and various product development
facilities, both domestically and internationally, as described in the “ Research and Development” section of Item 1 of this Form 10-K.

Our facilities are fully used for current operations of all segments, and suitable additional spaces are available to accommodate expansion needs. We have a development agreement with the City of Redmond under
which we may currently develop approximately 1.6 million square feet of additional facilities at our corporate campus in Redmond, Washington. In addition, we own 63 acres of undeveloped land in Issaquah, Washington, that can accommodate
approximately one million square feet of office space.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS