ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’ S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“ MD& A”) is
intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of Microsoft Corporation. MD& A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our financial statements and the accompanying Notes
to Financial Statements.

OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK

Microsoft is a technology leader focused on helping people and businesses throughout the world realize their full potential. We create technology that transforms the way people work, play, and communicate across a
wide range of computing devices.

We generate revenue by developing, licensing, and supporting a wide range of software products and
services, including cloud-based services, by designing and selling hardware, and by delivering relevant online advertising to a global audience. Our most significant expenses are related to compensating employees, designing, manufacturing,
marketing, and selling our products and services, and income taxes.

Industry Trends

Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an
opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. At Microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that
seek to anticipate the changing demands of customers, industry trends, and competitive forces.

Key Opportunities and Investments

Based on our assessment of key technology trends and our broad focus on long-term research and development of new products and services, we see
significant opportunities to drive future growth.

Smart connected devices

The price per unit of processing, storage, and networks continues to decline while at the same time devices increase in capability. As a result,
the capabilities and accessibility of PCs, tablets, phones, televisions, and other devices powered by rich software platforms and applications continue to grow. At the same time, the information and services people use increasingly span multiple
devices enabled by the adoption of cloud computing.

For example, the delivery and quality of unified entertainment experiences across
devices is undergoing dramatic evolution. These rich media experiences include books, magazines, newspapers, games, movies, music, television, and social interactions with family, friends, and colleagues. At Microsoft, our approach is to simplify
and increase the accessibility of these entertainment experiences to broaden market penetration of our software, hardware, and services.

Additionally, web content and social connections have increased tremendously as people spend more time online, while discoverability and
accessibility has been transforming from direct navigation and document links. There is significant opportunity to deliver products and services that help users make faster, better decisions and complete tasks more simply when using their devices.
Our approach is to use machine learning to understand user intent, and differentiate our products and services by focusing on the integration of speech, visual, social, and other elements to simplify people’s interaction with the Internet.

We invest significant resources in enabling and developing smart connected devices that offer a unified, seamless experience across a
common platform. Whether a PC, Windows Phone, Xbox 360, or the newly announced Surface

24

Table of Contents

PART II