ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

Microsoft was
founded in 1975. Our mission is to enable people and businesses throughout the world to realize their full potential by creating technology that transforms the way people work, play, and communicate. We develop and market software, services, and
hardware that deliver new opportunities, greater convenience, and enhanced value to people’s lives. We do business worldwide and have offices in more than 100 countries.

We generate revenue by developing, licensing, and supporting a wide range of software products and services, by designing and selling hardware, and by delivering relevant online advertising to a global customer
audience. In addition to selling individual products and services, we offer suites of products and services.

Our products include
operating systems for personal computers (“ PCs”), servers, phones, and other intelligent devices; server applications for distributed computing environments; productivity applications; business solution applications; desktop and server
management tools; software development tools; video games; and online advertising. We also design and sell hardware including the Xbox 360 gaming and entertainment console, Kinect for Xbox 360, Xbox 360 accessories, and Microsoft PC hardware
products.

We provide consulting and product and solution support services, and we train and certify computer system integrators and
developers. We also offer cloud-based solutions that provide customers with software, services and content over the Internet by way of shared computing resources located in centralized data centers. Cloud revenue is earned primarily from usage fees
and advertising.

Examples of cloud-based computing services we offer include:

  Microsoft Office 365, an online suite that enables people to work from virtually anywhere at any time with simple, familiar collaboration and communication  

  Xbox LIVE service, which enables online gaming, social networking, and access to a wide range of video, gaming, and entertainment content;  

  Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online customer relationship management services for sales, service, and marketing professionals provided through a familiar Microsoft  

3

Table of Contents

PART I