ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

Our vision

Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our strategy is to build best-in-class platforms and productivity services for a
mobile-first, cloud-first world.

The mobile-first, cloud-first world is transforming the way individuals and organizations use and
interact with technology. Our worldview for mobile-first is not about the mobility of devices; it is centered on the mobility of experiences that, in turn, are orchestrated by the cloud. Cloud computing and storage solutions provide users and
enterprises with various capabilities to store and process their data in third-party data centers. Mobility encompasses the rich collection of data, applications, and services that accompany our customers as they move from setting to setting in
their lives. We are transforming our businesses to enable Microsoft to lead the direction of this transformation, and enable our customers and partners to thrive in this evolving world.

What we offer

Founded in 1975, we operate worldwide and have offices in more than 100
countries. We develop, license, and support a wide range of software products, services, and devices that deliver new opportunities, greater convenience, and enhanced value to people’s lives. We offer an array of services, including cloud-based
services, to consumers and businesses. We design, manufacture, and sell devices that integrate with our cloud-based services, and we deliver relevant online advertising to a global audience.

Our products include operating systems for computing devices, servers, phones, and other intelligent devices; server applications for distributed
computing environments; cross-device productivity applications; business solution applications; desktop and server management tools; software development tools; video games; and online advertising. We also design and sell hardware including PCs,
tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, phones, other intelligent devices, and related accessories. We offer cloud-based solutions that provide customers with software, services, platforms, and content. We also provide consulting and product and
solution support services, and we train and certify computer system integrators and developers.

3

Table of Contents

PART I