Note 16 – Variable Interest Entity Arrangements

We have entered into various arrangements with investors to facilitate the funding and monetization of our solar energy systems and vehicles. In particular, our wholly owned subsidiaries and fund investors have formed and contributed cash and assets into various financing funds and entered into related agreements. We have determined that the funds are VIEs and we are the primary beneficiary of these VIEs by reference to the power and benefits criterion under ASC 810. We have considered the provisions within the agreements, which grant us the power to manage and make decisions that affect the operation of these VIEs, including determining the solar energy systems and the associated customer contracts to be sold or contributed to these VIEs, redeploying solar energy systems and managing customer receivables. We consider that the rights granted to the fund investors under the agreements are more protective in nature rather than participating.

As the primary beneficiary of these VIEs, we consolidate in the financial statements the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of these VIEs, and all intercompany balances and transactions between us and these VIEs are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. Cash distributions of income and other receipts by a fund, net of agreed upon expenses, estimated expenses, tax benefits and detriments of income and loss and tax credits, are allocated to the fund investor and our subsidiary as specified in the agreements.

Generally, our subsidiary has the option to acquire the fund investor’s interest in the fund for an amount based on the market value of the fund or the formula specified in the agreements.

Upon the sale or liquidation of a fund, distributions would occur in the order and priority specified in the agreements.

Pursuant to management services, maintenance and warranty arrangements, we have been contracted to provide services to the funds, such as operations and maintenance support, accounting, lease servicing and performance reporting. In some instances, we have guaranteed payments to the fund investors as specified in the agreements. A fund’s creditors have no recourse to our general credit or to that of other funds. Certain assets of the funds have been pledged as collateral for their obligations.

90

The aggregate carrying values of the VIEs’ assets and liabilities, after elimination of any intercompany transactions and balances, in the consolidated balance sheets were as follows (in millions):

December 31,2023December 31,2022

Assets  

Current assets  

Cash and cash equivalents$66 $68 

Accounts receivable, net13 22 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets361 274 

Total current assets440 364 

Solar energy systems, net3,278 4,060 

Other non-current assets369 404 

Total assets$4,087 $4,828 

Liabilities  

Current liabilities  

Accrued liabilities and other$67 $69 

Deferred revenue6 10 

Current portion of debt and finance leases1,564 1,013 

Total current liabilities1,637 1,092 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion99 149 

Debt and finance leases, net of current portion2,041 971 

Other long-term liabilities— 3 

Total liabilities$3,777 $2,215 

Note 17 – Related Party Transactions

In relation to our CEO’s exercise of stock options and sale of common stock from the 2012 CEO Performance Award, Tesla withheld the appropriate amount of taxes. However, given the significant amounts involved, our CEO entered into an indemnification agreement with us in November 2021 for additional taxes owed, if any. 

Tesla periodically does business with certain entities with which its CEO and directors are affiliated, such as SpaceX and X Corp., in accordance with our Related Person Transactions Policy. Such transactions have not had to date, and are not currently expected to have, a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

91