Item 2. Properties

The Company's headquarters are located in Cupertino, California. The Company has a manufacturing facility in Cork, Ireland. As of September 29, 2007, the Company leased
approximately 3.7 million square feet of space, primarily in the U. S., and to a lesser extent, in Europe, Japan, Canada, and the Asia Pacific region. The major facility leases are generally for
terms of 3 to 15 years and generally provide renewal options for terms of 3 to 7 additional years. Leased space includes approximately 1.5 million square feet of retail space, a majority
of which is in the U. S. Lease terms for retail space range from 5 to 20 years, the majority of which are for 10 years, and often contain multi-year renewal options.

The
Company owns a 367,000 square-foot manufacturing facility in Cork, Ireland that also houses a customer support call center. The Company also owns 805,000 square feet of facilities in
Sacramento, California that include warehousing and distribution operations, as well as a customer support call center. In addition, the Company owns approximately 2.4 million square feet of
facilities for research and development and corporate functions in Cupertino, California, including approximately 1.0 million square feet purchased in 2007 and 2006 for the future development
of the Company's second corporate campus in Cupertino, California, and approximately 107,000 square feet for a data center in Newark, California. Outside the U. S., the Company owns additional
facilities totaling approximately 129,000 square feet. The

23

Company
believes its existing facilities and equipment are well maintained and in good operating condition.

The
Company has invested in internal capacity and strategic relationships with outside manufacturing vendors, and therefore believes it has adequate manufacturing capacity for the foreseeable future.
The Company continues to make investments in capital equipment as needed to meet anticipated demand for its products.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings