Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Risk Management

The Company regularly reviews its foreign exchange forward and option positions, both on a stand-alone basis and in conjunction with its underlying foreign currency and
interest rate related exposures. However, given the effective horizons of the Company's risk management activities and the anticipatory nature of the exposures, there can be no assurance the hedges
will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in either foreign exchange or interest rates. In addition, the timing of the accounting for recognition of gains and
losses related to mark-to-market instruments for any given period may not coincide with the timing of gains and losses related to the underlying economic exposures and,
therefore, may adversely affect the Company's financial condition and operating results.

Interest Rate Risk

While the Company is exposed to interest rate fluctuations in many of the world's leading industrialized countries, the Company's interest income and expense is most sensitive
to fluctuations in the general
level of U. S. interest rates. As such, changes in U. S. interest rates affect the interest earned on the Company's cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, the value of those
investments, as well as costs associated with foreign currency hedges.

The
Company's short-term investment policy and strategy is to ensure the preservation of capital, meet liquidity requirements, and optimize return in light of the current credit and
interest rate environment. A portion of the Company's cash is managed by external managers within the guidelines of the Company's investment policy and to an objective market benchmark. The Company's
internal portfolio is benchmarked against external manager performance, allowing for differences in liquidity needs.

The
Company's exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to the Company's investment portfolio. The Company places its short-term investments in highly liquid
securities issued by highly rated issuers and, by policy, limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The Company's

52

general
policy is to limit the risk of principal loss and ensure the safety of invested funds by limiting market and credit risk. All highly liquid investments with initial maturities of three months
or less at the date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents; highly liquid investments with initial maturities greater than three months at the date of purchase are classified as
short-term investments. As of September 29, 2007, $1.9 billion of the Company's short-term investments had underlying maturities ranging from 1 to 5 years.
The remainder all had underlying maturities of less than 12 months. The Company may sell its investments prior to their stated maturities for strategic purposes, in anticipation of credit
deterioration, or for duration management. The Company recognized net gains before taxes on short-term investments of approximately $474,000 in 2007 and net losses before taxes of
approximately $434,000 and $137,000 in 2006 and 2005, respectively.

To
provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate risk associated with the Company's investment portfolio, the Company performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a change in
interest rates would have on the value of the investment portfolio assuming a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve. Based on investment positions as of September 29, 2007, a
hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates across all maturities would result in $16 million incremental decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. As of
September 30, 2006, a similar 100 basis point shift in the yield curve would have resulted in a $15 million incremental decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. Such losses
would only be realized if the Company sold the investments prior to maturity.

Foreign Currency Risk

In general, the Company is a net receiver of currencies other than the U. S. dollar. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the U. S.
dollar, may negatively affect the
Company's net sales and gross margins as expressed in U. S. dollars. There is also a risk that the Company will have to adjust local currency product pricing due to competitive pressures when there has
been significant volatility in foreign currency exchange rates.

The
Company may enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts with financial institutions to protect against foreign exchange risks associated with existing assets and liabilities, certain
firmly committed transactions, forecasted future cash flows, and net investments in foreign subsidiaries. Generally, the Company's practice is to hedge a majority of its material foreign exchange
exposures. However, the Company may choose not to hedge certain foreign exchange exposures due to immateriality, prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures, and/or limited availability
of appropriate hedging instruments.

To
provide a meaningful assessment of the foreign currency risk associated with certain of the Company's foreign currency derivative positions, the Company performed a sensitivity analysis using a
value-at-risk ("VAR") model to assess the potential impact of fluctuations in exchange rates. The VAR model consisted of using a Monte Carlo simulation to generate 3,000 random
market price paths. The VAR is the maximum expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, to the Company's foreign exchange portfolio due to adverse movements in rates. The VAR model is
not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation and management tool. The model assumes normal market conditions. Forecasted transactions, firm commitments, and assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were excluded from the model. Based on the results of the model, the Company estimates with 95% confidence a maximum one-day loss in fair
value of $12.8 million as of September 29, 2007 compared to a maximum one-day loss of $9.2 million as of September 30, 2006. Because the Company uses foreign
currency instruments for hedging purposes, losses incurred on those instruments are generally offset by increases in the fair value of the underlying exposures.

Actual
future gains and losses associated with the Company's investment portfolio and derivative positions may differ materially from the sensitivity analyses performed as of September 29, 2007
due to the inherent limitations associated with predicting the changes in the timing and amount of interest rates, foreign currency exchanges rates, and the Company's actual exposures and positions.

53

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data