Item 3. Legal Proceedings

The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims as of September 29, 2007, the end of the annual period covered by this report, that are discussed below.
The Company is also subject to certain other legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and
which have not been fully adjudicated. In the opinion of management, the Company does not have a potential liability related to any current legal proceedings and claims that would individually or in
the aggregate have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or operating results. However, the results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Should the Company fail to
prevail in any of these legal matters or should several of these legal matters be resolved against the Company in the same reporting period, the operating results of a particular reporting period
could be materially adversely affected. The Company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2007 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company's
results of operations.

Apple Computer, Inc. v. Burst. com, Inc.

The Company filed an action for declaratory judgment against defendant Burst. com, Inc. on January 4, 2006 in the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California. The Company seeks declaratory judgment that U. S. Patent Nos. 4,963,995, 5,164,839, 5,057,932 and 5,995,705 ("Burst patents") are invalid and not infringed by the Company. Burst
filed an answer and counterclaim on April 17, 2006 adding infringement allegations relating to U. S. Patent No. 5,995,705. Apple counterclaimed for declaratory judgment that each of these
patents is invalid, not infringed and unenforceable. Burst alleges that the following Apple products and services infringe the four patents at issue: iTunes Store, iPod devices, iTunes software, iLife
software (GarageBand, iMovie, iWeb) separately and in conjunction with the. Mac service and Apple computers sold with or running iTunes or iLife. The Burst patents allegedly relate to methods and
devices used for faster-than-real-time transmission of compressed audio and/or video files. The court issued its claim construction ruling on May 8, 2007.
The Company filed motions for summary judgment of invalidity on January 4, 2007 and July 13, 2007. The court held a hearing on those pending motions on September 18, 2007 and has
not issued a decision. The Company filed motions for summary judgment and partial summary judgment relating to enablement, indefiniteness and laches on October 29, 2007. Trial is set for
February 26, 2008.

Bader v. Anderson, et al.

Plaintiff filed this purported shareholder derivative action against the Company and each of its then current executive officers and members of its Board of Directors on
May 19, 2005 in Santa Clara County Superior Court asserting claims for breach of fiduciary duty, material misstatements and omissions and violations of California Business & Professions
Code §17200 (unfair competition). The complaint alleged that the Company's March 14, 2005, proxy statement was false and misleading for failure to disclose certain information
relating to the Apple Computer, Inc. Performance Bonus Plan, which was approved by shareholders at the annual meeting held on April 21, 2005. Plaintiff, who ostensibly brings suit on the
Company's behalf, made no demand on the Board of Directors and alleged that such demand was excused. The complaint sought injunctive and other relief for purported injury to the Company. On
July 27, 2005, plaintiff filed an amended complaint alleging that, in addition to the purported derivative claims, adoption of the bonus plan and distribution of the proxy statement describing
that plan also inflicted injury on her directly as an individual shareholder. On January 10, 2006, the Court sustained defendants' demurrer to

24

the
amended complaint, with leave to amend. Plaintiff filed a second amended complaint on February 7, 2006, and the Company filed a demurrer. After a hearing on June 13, 2006, the Court
sustained the demurrer without leave to amend as to the non-director officers and with leave to amend as to the directors. On July 24, 2006, plaintiff filed a third amended
complaint, which purported to bring claims derivatively as well as directly on behalf of a class of common stockholders who have been or will be harmed by virtue of the allegedly misleading proxy
statement. In addition to reasserting prior causes of action, the third amended complaint included a claim that the Company violated the terms of the plan, and a claim for waste related to restricted
stock unit grants to certain officers in 2003 and 2004 and an option grant to the Company's CEO in January 2000. The Company filed a demurrer to the third amended complaint. On
January 30, 2007, the Court sustained the Company's demurrer with leave to amend. On May 8, 2007, plaintiff filed a fourth amended complaint. The Company filed a demurrer to the fourth
amended complaint, which the court sustained, without leave to amend, on October 12, 2007. On October 25, 2007, the Court entered a final judgment in favor of defendant and ordered the
case dismissed with prejudice.

Birdsong v. Apple Computer, Inc.

This action alleges that the Company's iPod music players, and the ear bud headphones sold with them, are inherently defective in design and are sold without adequate warnings
concerning the risk of noise-induced hearing loss by iPod users. The Birdsong action was initially filed on January 30, 2006 in the United States District Court for the Western District of
Louisiana asserting Louisiana causes of action on behalf of a purported Louisiana class of iPod purchasers. A similar action(Patterson v. Apple
Computer, Inc.)was filed on January 31, 2006 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California asserting California causes of action on
behalf of a purported class of all iPod purchasers within the four-year period before January 31, 2006. The Birdsong action was transferred to the Northern District of California,
and the Patterson action was dismissed. An amended complaint was subsequently filed in Birdsong, dropping the Louisiana law-based claims and adding California law-based claims
equivalent to those in Patterson. After the Company filed a motion to dismiss on November 3, 2006, plaintiffs agreed not to oppose the motion and filed a second amended complaint on
January 16, 2007. That complaint alleges California
law-based claims for breaches of implied and express warranties, violations of California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition), California
Business & Professions Code §17500 (false advertising), the Consumer Legal Remedies Act and negligent misrepresentation on behalf of a putative nationwide class and a Louisiana
law-based claim for redhibition for a Louisiana sub-class. On March 1, 2007, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the California law based claims. The court held a
hearing on the motion to dismiss on June 4, 2007 but has not yet issued a ruling.

A
similar complaint, Royer-Brennan v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Apple Canada, Inc., was filed in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, on
February 1, 2006, seeking authorization to institute a class action on behalf of iPod purchasers in Quebec. At the request of plaintiffs' counsel, the court has postponed class certification
proceedings in this action indefinitely.

Branning et al. v. Apple Computer, Inc.

Plaintiffs originally filed this purported class action in San Francisco County Superior Court on February 17, 2005. The initial complaint alleged violations of
California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition) and violation of the Consumer Legal Remedies Act ("CLRA") regarding a variety of purportedly unfair and unlawful
conduct including, but not limited to, allegedly selling used computers as new and failing to honor warranties. Plaintiffs also brought causes of action for misappropriation of trade secrets, breach
of contract and violation of the Song-Beverly Consumer Warranty Act. Plaintiffs requested unspecified damages and other relief. On May 9, 2005, the Court granted the Company's
motion to transfer the case to Santa Clara County Superior Court. On May 2, 2005, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint adding two new named plaintiffs and three new causes of action including
a claim for treble damages under the Cartwright Act (California Business & Professions Code §

25

16700
et seq.) and a claim for false advertising. The Company filed a demurrer to the amended complaint, which the Court sustained in its entirety on November 10, 2005. The Court granted
plaintiffs leave to amend and they filed an amended complaint on December 29, 2005. Plaintiffs' amended complaint added three plaintiffs and alleged many of the same factual claims as the
previous complaints, such as alleged selling of used equipment as new, alleged failure to honor warranties and service contracts for the consumer plaintiffs, and alleged fraud related to the opening
of the Apple retail stores. Plaintiffs continued to assert causes of action for unfair competition (§17200), violations of the CLRA, breach of contract, misappropriation of trade secrets,
violations of the Cartwright Act, and alleged new causes of action for fraud, conversion, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The Company filed a demurrer to the amended
complaint on January 31, 2006, which the Court sustained on March 3, 2006 on sixteen of seventeen causes of action. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint adding one new plaintiff. The
Company filed a demurrer, which was granted in part on September 9, 2006. Plaintiffs filed a further amended complaint on September 21, 2006. On October 2, 2006, the Company filed
an answer denying all allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses.

European Commission Investigation

The European Commission is investigating certain matters relating to the iTunes Stores in Europe. The European Commission had previously notified the Company that it was
investigating claims made by Which?, a United Kingdom ("U. K.") consumer association, that the Company is violating EU competition law by charging more for online music in the U. K. than in Eurozone
countries and preventing U. K. consumers from purchasing online music from the iTunes Stores for Eurozone countries. The Which? claims were originally lodged with the U. K. Office of Fair Trading, which
subsequently referred them to the European Commission.

On
March 30, 2007, the European Commission issued Statements of Objections to the major record labels, Apple Inc. and iTunes S.à. r. l. In the Statements of Objections, the
Commission challenges provisions in the agreements pursuant to which each major record company authorizes iTunes S.à. r. l. to distribute digital music downloads through the iTunes Store.
The Commission contends that, because of these provisions, residents of the European Economic Area are only permitted to buy music from the iTunes Store for the country that issued the customer's
credit card. The Commission contends that these provisions are territorial sales restrictions which violate Article 81 of the European Community Treaty. The Commission seeks fines and
behavioral relief. The Company filed its responses to the Statements of Objections on June 20, 2007. A hearing on the Statements of Objections took place in Brussels, Belgium on
September 19, 2007.

Gordon v. Apple Computer, Inc.

Plaintiff filed this purported class action on August 31, 2006 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, San Jose Division, on behalf
of a purported nationwide class of consumers who purchased 65W Power Adapters for iBooks and Powerbooks between November 2002 and the present. The complaint alleges various problems with the
65W Adapter, including fraying, sparking, and premature failure. Plaintiffs allege violations of California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition), the Consumer
Legal Remedies Act, the Song-Beverly Consumer Warranty Act and breach of warranties. The complaint seeks damages and equitable relief. The Company filed an answer on October 20,
2006 denying the material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses.

Harvey v. Apple Inc.

Plaintiff filed this action on August 6, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division, alleging infringement by the
Company of U. S. Patent No. 6,753,671 entitled "Recharger for use with a portable electronic device and which includes a proximally located light emitting

26

device" and U. S. Patent No. 6,762,584 entitled "Recharger for use with a portable electronic device and which includes a connector terminus for communicating with rechargeable batteries
contained within the device." The complaint seeks unspecified damages and other relief. The Company filed an answer on October 12, 2007 denying all material allegations and asserting numerous
affirmative defenses. The Company also asserted counterclaims for declaratory judgment of noninfringement and invalidity.

Honeywell International, Inc., et al. v. Apple Computer, Inc., et al.

Plaintiffs Honeywell International, Inc. and Honeywell Intellectual Properties, Inc. filed this action on October 6, 2004 in the United States District
Court in Delaware alleging infringement by the Company and other defendants of U. S. Patent 5,280,371 entitled "Directional Diffuser for a Liquid Crystal Display." Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages
and other relief. The Company filed an answer on December 21, 2004 denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. The Company has tendered the case to several
liquid crystal display manufacturer suppliers. On May 18, 2005 the Court stayed the case against the Company and the other non-manufacturer defendants. Plaintiffs filed an amended
complaint on November 7, 2005 adding additional defendants and expanding the scope of the accused products. Given the stay, the Company's response to the amended complaint is not yet due.

In re Apple Computer, Inc. Derivative Litigation (formerly Karant v. Jobs, et al. and Related Actions) (Federal Action)

On June 30, 2006, a putative derivative action captionedKarant v. Jobs, et. al., was filed in the United States District
Court for the Northern District of California, San Jose Division. A number of related actions were filed in the subsequent weeks and have been consolidated into a single action captionedIn re Apple Computer, Inc.
Derivative Litigation, Master File No. C-06-04128-JF before the Hon. Jeremy
Fogel. The actions were filed after the Company's announcement on June 29, 2006 that an internal investigation had discovered irregularities related to the issuance of certain stock option
grants made between 1997 and 2001, that a special committee of the Company's outside directors had retained independent counsel to perform an investigation and that the Company had informed the
Securities and Exchange Commission. The action purports to assert claims on behalf of the Company against several current and former executive officers and members of the Board of Directors alleging
improper backdating of stock option grants to maximize certain defendants' profits, failing to properly account for and take tax deductions for those grants, insider trading, and issuing false
financial statements. The Company is named as a nominal defendant. The consolidated complaint alleges various causes of action under federal and California law, including claims for unjust enrichment,
breach of fiduciary duty, violation of the California Corporations Code, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, rescission, constructive fraud and waste of corporate assets, as well as claims under
Sections 10(b), 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act. Plaintiffs seek damages, disgorgement, restitution and imposition of a
constructive trust. A Consolidated Shareholder Derivative Complaint was filed on December 18, 2006, and a First Amended Shareholder Derivative Complaint was filed on March 6, 2007.
Defendants filed a motion to dismiss on April 20, 2007, which was heard on September 7, 2007.

On
June 12, 2007, the Company's Board of Directors approved a resolution appointing a Special Litigation Committee to make all decisions relating to options litigation.

In re Apple Computer, Inc. Derivative Litigation (formerly Plumbers and Pipefitters v. Jobs, et al. and Related Actions) (State Action); Boston Retirement Board v. Apple
Computer, Inc.

On July 5, 2006, a putative derivative action captionedPlumbers and Pipefitters v. Jobs, et. al., was filed in
California Superior Court for the County of Santa Clara. A number of related actions were filed in the subsequent weeks, and have been consolidated into a single action captionedIn re Apple Computer, Inc. Derivative
Litigation, No. 1:06CV066692, assigned to the Hon. Joseph Huber. These actions purport to assert
claims on behalf of the Company against several current and former executive officers and members of the Board of Directors alleging improper backdating of stock option grants to maximize certain

27

defendants'
profits, failing to properly account for and take tax deductions for those grants and issuing false financial statements. The Company is named as a nominal defendant. A consolidated
complaint was filed on October 5, 2006, alleging a variety of causes of action under California law, including claims for unjust enrichment, breach of fiduciary duty, violation of the
California Corporations Code, abuse of control, accounting, constructive trust, rescission, deceit, gross mismanagement and waste of corporate assets. On December 7, 2006, the Court granted the
Company's motion to stay these actions.

On
November 3, 2006, the Boston Retirement Board, a purported shareholder, filed a petition for writ of mandate against the Company in California Superior Court for the County of Santa Clara
County (Boston Retirement Board v. Apple Computer Inc. ). The petition sought to compel the Company to allow inspection of certain corporate
records relating to the Company's option practices and the Special Committee's investigation. On January 16, 2007, the Company filed a demurrer to the petition. The Court entered an order
overruling the demurrer on March 13, 2007. The Company filed its answer to the petition on April 5, 2007. The trial took place on September 24, 2007. The Court granted the
petition for inspection but narrowed the scope of the records to be produced.

In re Apple iPod Nano Products Liability Litigation (formerly Wimmer v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Moschella, et al., v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Calado, et al. v. Apple Computer,
Inc.; Kahan, et al., v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Jennings, et al., v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Rappel
v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Mayo v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Valencia v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Williamson v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Sioson v. Apple Computer, Inc.

Beginning on October 19, 2005, eight complaints were filed in various United States District Courts and two complaints were filed in California State Court alleging that
the Company's iPod nano was defectively designed so that it scratches excessively during normal use, rendering the screen unreadable.

The
federal actions were coordinated in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and assigned to the Hon. Ronald Whyte pursuant to an April 17, 2006 order of the
Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation. Plaintiffs filed a First Consolidated and Amended Master Complaint on September 21, 2006, alleging violations of California and other states'
consumer protection and warranty laws and claiming unjust enrichment. The Master Complaint alleges two putative plaintiff classes: (1) all U. S. residents (excluding California residents) who
purchased an iPod nano that was not manufactured or designed using processes necessary to ensure normal resistance to scratching of the screen; and (2) all iPod nano purchasers other than U. S.
residents who purchased an iPod nano that was not manufactured or designed using processes necessary to ensure normal resistance to scratching of the screen. The Company answered the Master Complaint
on November 20, 2006.

The
two California State Court actions were coordinated on May 4, 2006, and assigned to the Hon. Carl West in Los Angeles Superior Court. Plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Class Action
Complaint on June 8, 2006, alleging violations of California state consumer protection, unfair competition, false advertising and warranty laws and claiming unjust enrichment. The Consolidated
Complaint alleges a putative plaintiff class of all California residents who own an iPod nano containing a manufacturing defect that results in the nano being susceptible to excessive scratching. The
Company answered the Consolidated Amended Complaint on October 6, 2006.

Two
similar complaints, Carpentier v. Apple Canada, Inc., andRoyer-Brennan v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Apple Canada,
Inc. were filed in Montreal, Quebec, Canada on October 27, 2005 and November 9, 2005, respectively, seeking authorization to institute class actions on behalf of
iPod nano purchasers in Quebec. The Royer-Brennan file was stayed in May 2006 in favor of the Carpentier file. A similar complaint, Mund v. Apple Canada Inc. and
Apple Computer, Inc., was filed in Ontario, Canada on January 9, 2006 seeking authorization to institute a class action on behalf of iPod nano purchasers in
Canada. Apple Canada Inc. and Apple Computer, Inc. have served Notices of Intent to Defend.

28

Individual Networks, LLC v. Apple, Inc.

Plaintiff filed this action against the Company on April 24, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division, alleging
infringement of U. S. Patent No. 7,117,516, entitled "Method and System for Providing a Customized Media List." Plaintiff alleges certain features of the iTunes store infringe the patent. The
complaint seeks unspecified damages and other relief. The Company filed an answer on July 2, 2007, denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. The Company also
asserted counterclaims for declaratory judgment of noninfringement and invalidity, as well as a counterclaim against Individual Networks LLC for infringement of U. S. Patent No. 5,724,567. The
Markman hearing is set for October 8, 2008, and trial is scheduled for November 9, 2009.

Intertainer, Inc. v. Apple Computer, Inc., et al.

Plaintiff filed this action on December 29, 2006 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division, alleging infringement by the
Company and others of U. S. Patent number 6,925,469 entitled "Digital Entertainment Service Platform." The complaint seeks unspecified damages and other relief. The Company filed an answer on
February 21, 2007 denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. The Company also asserted counterclaims for declaratory judgment of noninfringement and
invalidity.

Lenzi v. Apple Canada, Inc.; Wolfe v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Apple Canada, Inc.; Hirst v. Apple Canada, Inc.; Hamilton v. Apple
Computer, Inc. and Apple Canada, Inc.

Plaintiff filed a purported class action on June 7, 2005, in Superior Court, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada allegedly on behalf of Quebec customers claiming false
advertising and breach of warranty relating to iPod battery life. Plaintiff sought authorization to institute a class action on behalf of Generations 1, 2 and 3 iPod owners in Quebec. On
February 2, 2006, the Court dismissed plaintiff's motion for authorization to institute a class action. Plaintiff has appealed this ruling.

Two
similar complaints relative to iPod battery life, Wolfe v. AppleandHirst v. Apple, were filed in
Toronto, Ontario, Canada on August 15, 2005 and September 12, 2005, respectively. Counsel subsequently amended the complaint, now calledWaddell vs.
Apple. The Waddell lawsuit is brought on behalf of all Canadian purchasers other than Quebec purchasers. On January 17, 2006, the Company filed its statement of defence
to the Waddell complaint. In addition, a similar complaint regarding iPod battery life, Hamilton v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Apple
Canada, Inc. was filed in Calgary, Alberta, Canada on October 5, 2005, purportedly on behalf of all purchasers of iPods in Alberta, Canada. The complaint was
served on September 27, 2006. The Company has reached a settlement of this matter and the parties have requested preliminary court approval for the settlement. Settlement of this matter will
not have a material effect on the Company's financial condition or operating results.

Macadam v. Apple Computer, Inc.; Santos v. Apple Computer, Inc. (Santa Clara County Superior Court)

The
Macadam action was filed in late 2002 asserting various causes of action including breach of contract, fraud, negligent and intentional interference with economic relationship, negligent
misrepresentation, trade libel, unfair competition and false advertising. The complaint requested unspecified damages and other relief. The Company filed an answer on December 3, 2004 denying
all allegations and asserting numerous defenses.

On
October 1, 2003, Macadam was deauthorized as an Apple reseller. Macadam filed a motion for a temporary order to reinstate it as a reseller, which the Court denied. The Court denied Macadam's
motion for a preliminary injunction on December 19, 2003. On December 6, 2004, Macadam filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the Northern District of California, which placed a stay on the
litigation as to Macadam. The Company filed a claim in the bankruptcy proceedings on February 16, 2005. The Macadam bankruptcy case was converted to Chapter 7 (liquidation) on April 29,
2005. The Company has reached a settlement of Macadam's claims against the Company with the Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Trustee. The Bankruptcy Court

29

approved
the settlement on July 17, 2006 over the objection of Tom Santos, Macadam's principal. Santos appealed the ruling approving the settlement, but the district court denied the appeal.
Santos has appealed to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.

On
December 19, 2005, Tom Santos filed a Fifth Amended Complaint on his own behalf (not on behalf of Macadam) alleging fraud, violations of California Business & Professions Code
§17200 (unfair competition), California Business & Professions Code §17500 (false advertising) and the Consumer Legal Remedies Act. The Company filed a demurrer to
Santos' amended complaint and a special motion to strike the defamation cause of action on January 20, 2006. The Court sustained the demurrer in part but denied the special motion to strike.
Santos filed a Sixth Amended Complaint on July 14, 2006. The Company filed a demurrer, which was granted on September 9, 2006. Santos filed a Seventh Amended Complaint in late September,
2006. The Company filed a motion to strike, which was granted in part and denied in part on December 15, 2006. Santos filed an Eighth Amended Complaint on January 29, 2007. The Company
filed a demurrer, which was heard on May 7, 2007. The court sustained the demurrer, and Santos filed a Ninth Amended Complaint on July 11, 2007. The Company filed a demurrer, which was
overruled. The Company also filed a cross complaint against Santos on January 20, 2006 alleging violations of California Business & Professions Code §17200 and California
Penal Code §502, fraud and deceit and breach of contract.

Mediostream, Inc. v. Acer America Corp. et al.

Plaintiff filed this action against the Company, Acer America Corp., Dell, Inc. and Gateway, Inc. on August 28, 2007 in the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division, alleging infringement of U. S. Patent No. 7,009,655, entitled "Method and System for Direct Recording
of Video Information onto a Disk Medium." The complaint seeks unspecified damages and other relief. The Company's response to the complaint is not yet due.

OPTi Inc. v. Apple Inc.

Plaintiff filed this action against the Company on January 16, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division, alleging
infringement of U. S. Patent Nos. 5,710,906, 5,813,036 and 6,405,291, all entitled "Predictive Snooping of Cache Memory for Master-Initiated Accesses." The complaint seeks unspecified damages and other
relief. The Company filed an answer on April 17, 2007 denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. The Company also asserted counterclaims for declaratory
judgment of noninfringement and invalidity.

Premier International Associates LLC v. Apple Computer, Inc.

Plaintiff filed this action on November 3, 2005 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division, alleging infringement by the
Company of U. S. Patent Nos. 6,243,725 and 6,763,345 both entitled "List Building System." The complaint sought unspecified damages and other relief. The Company filed an answer on January 13,
2006 denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. The Company also asserted counterclaims for a declaratory judgment of noninfringement and invalidity. A Markman
hearing was held on May 17, 2007 and the court issued its claim construction ruling on May 23, 2007. Trial was scheduled for December 3, 2007. The parties have reached a
settlement and the matter is concluded. Settlement of this matter did not have a material effect on the Company's financial condition or operating results.

Quantum Technology Management, Ltd. v. Apple Computer, Inc.

Plaintiff filed this action on December 21, 2005 in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland against the Company and Fingerworks, Ltd.,
alleging infringement of U. S. Patent No. 5,730,165 entitled "Time Domain Capacitive Field Detector." The complaint seeks unspecified damages and other relief. On May 11, 2006, Quantum
filed an amended complaint adding Cypress Semiconductor/MicroSystems, Inc. as a defendant. On July 31, 2006, the Company filed an answer denying all material

30

allegations
and asserting numerous affirmative defenses and also filed counterclaims for non-infringement and invalidity. On November 30, 2006, plaintiff filed a reply to the
Company's counterclaims and a More Definite Statement. A Markman hearing was held on May 16, 2007. On June 7, 2007, the court issued a claim construction ruling, and also issued an order
invalidating six of plaintiff's asserted patent claims in response to the Company's motion for partial summary judgment of invalidity.

Saito Shigeru Kenchiku Kenkyusho (Shigeru Saito Architecture Institute) v. iPod; Apple Japan Inc. v. Shigeru Saito Architecture Institute

Plaintiff Saito filed a petition in the Japan Customs Office in Tokyo on January 23, 2007 alleging infringement by the Company of Japanese Patent No. 3852854,
entitled "Touch Operation Input Device and Electronic Parts Thereof." The petition sought an order barring the importation into Japan of fifth generation iPods and second generation iPod nanos. The
Customs Office held a hearing on March 22, 2007. The Customs Office rejected the petition to bar importation and dismissed plaintiff's case.

Apple
Japan, Inc. filed a Declaratory Judgment action against Saito on February 6, 2007, seeking a declaration that the '854 patent is invalid and not infringed. Saito filed a Counter
Complaint for infringement seeking damages.

SP Technologies LLC v. Apple Inc.

Plaintiff filed this action against the Company on August 2, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division, alleging
infringement of U. S. Patent No. 6,784,873 entitled "Method and Medium for Computer Readable Keyboard Display Incapable of User Termination." The complaint seeks unspecified damages and other
relief. The Company's response to the complaint is not yet due.

St-Germain v. Apple Canada, Inc.

Plaintiff filed this case in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, on August 5, 2005, seeking authorization to institute a class action for the refund by the Company of the Canadian
Private Copying Levy that was applied to the iPod purchase price in Quebec between December 12, 2003 and December 14, 2004 but later declared invalid by the Canadian Court. The Company
has completed a refund program for this levy. A class certification hearing took place January 13, 2006. On February 24, 2006, the Court granted class certification and notice was
published during the last week of March 2006. The trial was conducted on October 15 and 16, 2007. The Court has not yet issued a decision.

Texas MP3 Technologies Ltd v. Apple Inc. et al.

Plaintiff filed this action against the Company and other defendants on February 16, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall
Division, alleging infringement of U. S. Patent No. 7,065,417 entitled "MPEG Portable Sound Reproducing System and A Reproducing Method Thereof." The complaint seeks unspecified damages and
other relief. On July 12, 2007, the Company filed a petition for reexamination of the patent, which the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office granted. Plaintiff filed an amended complaint on
August 1, 2007, adding the iPhone as an accused device. On August 2, 2007, the Company filed a motion to stay the litigation pending the outcome of the reexamination, which the Court
denied. The Company filed an answer on August 20, 2007, denying all
material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. The Company also asserted counterclaims for declaratory judgment of noninfringement and invalidity.

The Apple iPod iTunes Antitrust Litigation (formerly Charoensak v. Apple Computer, Inc. and Tucker v. Apple Computer, Inc.); Black v. Apple Inc.

The first-listed action is a consolidated case combining two cases previously pending under the names Charoensak v. Apple Computer Inc. (formerly Slattery v. Apple
Computer Inc.) and Tucker v. Apple Computer, Inc. The original plaintiff (Slattery) in the Charoensak case filed a purported class action on

31

January 3,
2005 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California alleging various claims including alleged unlawful tying of music purchased on the iTunes Store with
the purchase of iPods and unlawful acquisition or maintenance of monopoly market power. Plaintiff's complaint alleged violations of §§1 and 2 of the Sherman Act (15 U. S. C.
§§1 and 2), California Business & Professions Code §16700 et seq. (the Cartwright Act), California Business & Professions Code §17200
(unfair competition), common law unjust enrichment and common law monopolization. Plaintiff sought unspecified damages and other relief. The Company filed a motion to dismiss on February 10,
2005. On September 9, 2005, the Court denied the motion in part and granted it in part. Plaintiff filed an amended complaint on September 23, 2005 and the Company filed an answer on
October 18, 2005. In August 2006, the court dismissed Slattery without prejudice and allowed plaintiffs to file an amended complaint naming two new plaintiffs (Charoensak and Rosen). On
November 2, 2006, the Company filed an answer to the amended complaint denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses.

The
Tucker case was filed as a purported class action on July 21, 2006 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California alleging various claims including alleged
unlawful tying of music and videos purchased on the iTunes Store with the purchase of iPods and vice versa and unlawful acquisition or maintenance of monopoly market power. The complaint alleges
violations of §§1 and 2 of the Sherman Act (15 U. S. C. §§1 and 2), California Business & Professions Code §16700 et seq. (the
Cartwright Act), California Business & Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition) and the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act. Plaintiff sought unspecified damages and other
relief. On November 3, 2006, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. On December 20, 2006, the Court denied the motion to dismiss. On January 11, 2007, The Company
filed an answer denying all material allegations and asserting numerous defenses.

On
March 20, 2007, the Court consolidated the two cases. Plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint on April 19, 2007. On June 6, 2007, the Company filed an answer to the
consolidated complaint denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses.

A
related class action complaint, Black v. Apple Inc., was filed on August 27, 2007 in the Circuit Court in Broward County, Florida, alleging
that the Company is attempting to maintain a monopoly by precluding customers from using non-iTunes downloads on iPods and from using iTunes music on non-iPod MP3 players.
Plaintiff alleges that the Company's alleged monopolization violates the Florida Antitrust Act and the Florida Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act. Plaintiff seeks unspecified damages and other
relief. The Company removed the case to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida on September 28, 2007, and filed a motion to transfer the case to the Northern
District of California on October 12, 2007. The Company's motion to transfer was granted on October 17, 2007.

Tse v. Apple Computer, Inc. et al.

Plaintiff Ho Keung Tse filed this action against the Company and other defendants on August 5, 2005 in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland
alleging infringement of U. S. Patent No. 6,665,797 entitled "Protection of Software Again [sic] Against Unauthorized Use." The complaint seeks unspecified damages and
other relief. The Company filed an answer on October 31, 2005 denying all material allegations and asserting numerous affirmative defenses. On October 28, 2005, the Company and the other
defendants filed a motion to transfer the case to the Northern District of California, which was granted on August 31, 2006. On July 24, 2007, the Company filed a petition for
reexamination of the patent, which the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office granted. On July 25, 2007, the Company filed a motion to stay the litigation pending the outcome of the reexamination,
which the court granted on October 4, 2007.

Union Fédérale des Consummateurs - Que Choisir v. Apple Computer France S.à. r. l. and iTunes S.à. r. l.

Plaintiff, a consumer association in France, filed this complaint on February 9, 2005 alleging that the above-listed entities are violating consumer law by
(1) omitting to mention that the iPod is allegedly not

32

compatible
with music from online music services other than the iTunes Store and that the music from the iTunes Store is only compatible with the iPod and (2) allegedly tying the sales of iPods
to the iTunes Store and vice versa. Plaintiff seeks damages, injunctive relief and other relief. The first hearing on the case took place on May 24, 2005. The Company's response to the
complaint was served on November 8, 2005. Plaintiff's responsive pleading was filed on February 10, 2006. The Company filed a reply on June 6, 2006 and UFC filed a response on
September 19, 2006.

Vitt v. Apple Computer, Inc.

Plaintiff filed this purported class action on November 7, 2006 in the United States District Court for the Central District of California on behalf of a purported
nationwide class of all purchasers of the iBook G4 alleging that the computer's logic board fails at an abnormally high rate. The complaint alleges violations of California Business &
Professions Code §17200 (unfair competition) and California Business & Professions Code §17500 (false advertising). Plaintiff seeks unspecified damages and other relief.
The Company filed a motion to dismiss on January 19, 2007, which the court granted on March 13, 2007. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on March 26, 2007. The Company filed a
motion to dismiss on August 16, 2007, which was heard on October 4, 2007.

Vogel v. Jobs et al.

Plaintiff filed this purported class action on August 24, 2006, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and
certain of the Company's current and former officers and directors alleging improper backdating of stock option grants to maximize certain defendants' profits, failing to properly account for those
grants and issuing false financial statements. On January 19, 2007, the Court appointed the New York City Employees' Retirement System as lead plaintiff. On March 23, 2007, plaintiffs
filed a Consolidated Class Action Complaint. The Consolidated Complaint purports to be brought on behalf of several classes of holders of the Company's stock and asserts claims under
Section 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act as well as state law. The Consolidated Complaint seeks rescission of amendments to various stock option and other incentive compensation
plans, an accounting and damages in an unspecified amount. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss on June 8, 2007, which was heard on September 7, 2007.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders